venus is the second planet from the sun . it is named after the roman goddess of love and beauty . as the second-brightest natural object in the night sky after the moon , venus can cast shadows and can be , on rare occasion , visible to the naked eye in broad daylight . venus lies within earth 's orbit , and so never appears to venture far from the sun , either setting in the west just after dusk or rising in the east a bit before dawn . venus orbits the sun every 224,7 earth days . with a rotation period of 243 earth days , it takes longer to rotate about its axis than any other planet in the solar system and does so in the opposite direction to all but uranus ( meaning the sun rises in the west and sets in the east ) . venus does not have any moons , a distinction it shares only with mercury among planets in the solar system.venus is a terrestrial planet and is sometimes called earth 's `` sister planet '' because of their similar size , mass , proximity to the sun , and bulk composition . it is radically different from earth in other respects . it has the densest atmosphere of the four terrestrial planets , consisting of more than 96 % carbon dioxide . the atmospheric pressure at the planet 's surface is 92 times that of earth , or roughly the pressure found underwater on earth . venus has by far the hottest surface of any planet in the solar system , with a mean temperature of , even though mercury is closer to the sun . venus is shrouded by an opaque layer of highly reflective clouds of sulfuric acid , preventing its surface from being seen from space in visible light . it may have had water oceans in the past , but these would have vaporized as the temperature rose due to a runaway greenhouse effect . the water has probably photodissociated , and the free hydrogen has been swept into interplanetary space by the solar wind because of the lack of a planetary magnetic field . venus ' surface is a dry desertscape interspersed with slab-like rocks and is periodically resurfaced by volcanism.as one of the brightest objects in the sky , venus has been a major fixture in human culture for as long as records have existed . it has been made sacred to gods of many cultures , and has been a prime inspiration for writers and poets as the morning star and evening star . venus was the first planet to have its motions plotted across the sky , as early as the second millennium bc.as the planet with the closest approach to earth , venus has been a prime target for early interplanetary exploration . it was the first planet beyond earth visited by a spacecraft ( `` mariner 2 '' in 1962 ) , and the first to be successfully landed on ( by `` venera 7 '' in 1970 ) . venus ' thick clouds render observation of its surface impossible in visible light , and the first detailed maps did not emerge until the arrival of the magellan orbiter in 1991 . plans have been proposed for rovers or more complex missions , but they are hindered by venus ' hostile surface conditions . 
black sabbath were an english rock band formed in birmingham in 1968 by guitarist tony iommi , drummer bill ward , bassist geezer butler and vocalist ozzy osbourne . they are often cited as pioneers of heavy metal music . the band helped define the genre with releases such as `` black sabbath '' ( 1970 ) , `` paranoid '' ( 1970 ) , and `` master of reality '' ( 1971 ) . the band had multiple line-up changes following osbourne 's departure in 1979 , with iommi being the only constant member throughout its history.after previous iterations of the group called the polka tulk blues band and earth , the band settled on the name black sabbath in 1969 . they distinguished themselves through occult themes with horror-inspired lyrics and tuned-down guitars . signing to philips records in november 1969 , they released their first single , `` evil woman '' in january 1970 . their debut album , `` black sabbath '' , was released the following month . though it received a negative critical response , the album was a commercial success , leading to a follow-up record , `` paranoid '' , later in 1970 . the band 's popularity grew , and by 1973 's `` sabbath bloody sabbath '' , critics were starting to respond favourably.osbourne 's regular use of drugs and alcohol led to his firing in 1979 . he was replaced by former rainbow vocalist ronnie james dio . following two albums with dio , black sabbath endured many personnel changes in the 1980s and 1990s that included vocalists ian gillan , glenn hughes , ray gillen and tony martin , as well as several drummers and bassists . in 1991 , iommi and butler rejoined dio and drummer vinny appice to record `` dehumanizer '' ( 1992 ) . the original line-up reunited with osbourne in 1997 and released a live album `` reunion '' . black sabbath 's final studio album and nineteenth overall , `` 13 '' ( 2013 ) , features all of the original members except ward . during their farewell tour , the band played their final concert in their home city of birmingham on 4 february 2017.black sabbath were ranked by mtv as the `` greatest metal band '' of all time , and placed second in vh1 's `` 100 greatest artists of hard rock '' list . `` rolling stone '' magazine ranked them number 85 on their `` 100 greatest artists of all time '' . they have sold over 70 million records worldwide . black sabbath were inducted into the uk music hall of fame in 2005 and the rock and roll hall of fame in 2006 . they have also won two grammy awards for best metal performance , and in 2019 the band were presented a grammy lifetime achievement award . 
ancient greece ( ) was a civilization belonging to a period of greek history from the greek dark ages of the 12th–9th centuries bc to the end of antiquity ( ad 600 ) . immediately following this period was the beginning of the early middle ages and the byzantine time . roughly three centuries after the late bronze age collapse of mycenaean greece , greek urban poleis began to form in the 8th century bc , ushering in the archaic period and colonization of the mediterranean basin . this was followed by the period of classical greece , an era that began with the greco-persian wars , lasting from the 5th to 4th centuries bc . due to the conquests by alexander the great of macedon , hellenistic civilization flourished from central asia to the western end of the mediterranean sea . the hellenistic period came to an end with the conquests and annexations of the eastern mediterranean world by the roman republic , which established the roman province of macedonia in roman greece , and later the province of achaea during the roman empire.classical greek culture , especially philosophy , had a powerful influence on ancient rome , which carried a version of it to many parts of the mediterranean basin and europe . for this reason , classical greece is generally considered to be the seminal culture which provided the foundation of modern western culture and is considered the cradle of western civilization . 
diesel fuel in general is any liquid fuel used in diesel engines , whose fuel ignition takes place , without any spark , as a result of compression of the inlet air mixture and then injection of fuel . ( glow plugs , grid heaters and block heaters help to achieve high temperatures for combustion during engine startup in cold weather . ) diesel engines have found broad use as a result of higher thermodynamic efficiency and thus fuel efficiency . this is particularly noted where diesel engines are run at part-load ; as their air supply is not throttled as in a gasoline ( petrol ) engine , their efficiency still remains very high.the most common type of diesel fuel is a specific fractional distillate of petroleum fuel oil , but alternatives that are not derived from petroleum , such as biodiesel , biomass to liquid ( btl ) or gas to liquid ( gtl ) diesel , are increasingly being developed and adopted . to distinguish these types , petroleum-derived diesel is increasingly called `` petrodiesel '' in some academic circles . ultra-low-sulfur diesel ( ulsd ) is a standard for defining diesel fuel with substantially lowered sulfur contents . as of 2016 , almost all of the petroleum-based diesel fuel available in the uk , mainland europe , and north america is of a ulsd type . in the uk , diesel fuel for on-road use is commonly abbreviated `` derv '' , standing for `` diesel-engined road vehicle '' , which carries a tax premium over equivalent fuel for non-road use . in australia , diesel fuel is also known as `` distillate '' , and in indonesia , it is known as `` solar '' , a trademarked name by the local oil company pertamina . 
the washington capitals ( colloquially known as the caps ) are a professional ice hockey team based in washington , d.c . they compete in the national hockey league ( nhl ) as a member of the metropolitan division of the eastern conference . the capitals are owned by monumental sports & entertainment , headed by ted leonsis . from 1974 to 1997 the capitals played their home games at the capital centre , in landover , maryland ( a suburb in the washington metropolitan area ) . in 1997 the team moved to the arena now called capital one arena , their present home arena in washington , d.c.the capitals were founded in as an expansion franchise , alongside the kansas city scouts . since purchasing the team in 1999 , leonsis revitalized the franchise by drafting star players such as alexander ovechkin , nicklas backstrom , john carlson and braden holtby . the 2009–10 capitals won the franchise 's first presidents ' trophy for being the team with the most points at the end of the regular season . they won it a second time in 2015–16 , and did so for a third time the following season in 2016–17 . in addition to 12 division titles and three presidents ' trophies , the capitals have reached the stanley cup finals in 1998 and 2018 , winning in the latter.the capitals have retired the use of four numbers in honor of four players . in addition , the team holds an association with a number of individuals inducted into the hockey hall of fame . the capitals are presently affiliated with two minor league teams , the hershey bears of the american hockey league , and the south carolina stingrays of the echl . 
hamm ( , latin : `` hammona '' ) is a city in north rhine-westphalia , germany . it is located in the northeastern part of the ruhr area . as of 2016 its population was 179,397 . the city is situated between the a1 motorway and a2 motorway . hamm railway station is an important hub for rail transport and renowned for its distinctive station building . 
relationship most often refers to : relationship or relationships may also refer to : 
a cephalopod ( ) is any member of the molluscan class cephalopoda ( greek plural , ; `` head-feet '' ) such as a squid , octopus , cuttlefish , or nautilus . these exclusively marine animals are characterized by bilateral body symmetry , a prominent head , and a set of arms or tentacles ( muscular hydrostats ) modified from the primitive molluscan foot . fishermen sometimes call cephalopods `` inkfish , '' referring to their common ability to squirt ink . the study of cephalopods is a branch of malacology known as teuthology.cephalopods became dominant during the ordovician period , represented by primitive nautiloids . the class now contains two , only distantly related , extant subclasses : coleoidea , which includes octopuses , squid , and cuttlefish ; and nautiloidea , represented by `` nautilus '' and `` allonautilus '' . in the coleoidea , the molluscan shell has been internalized or is absent , whereas in the nautiloidea , the external shell remains . about 800 living species of cephalopods have been identified . two important extinct taxa are the ammonoidea ( ammonites ) and belemnoidea ( belemnites ) . 
würzburger kickers is a german association football club playing in würzburg , bavaria . in pre-world war ii football , the club has competed briefly at highest level , in the bezirksliga bayern and , during the war , in the gauliga bayern . post-war , it made a single appearance in professional football in the southern division of the 2 . bundesliga in 1977–78 . after a long stint in amateur football , dropping as low as the seventh tier , the club began a recovery . `` kickers '' reached professional football again in 2014–15 after winning promotion to the 3 . liga and the following season were promoted to the 2 . bundesliga . following a subsequent relegation the club is currently in the 3 . liga . 
rock and roll over is the fifth studio album by american rock band kiss , released in 1976 . it was recorded at the star theatre in nanuet , new york . 
thomas john brokaw ( ; born february 6 , 1940 ) is an american television journalist and author . he was the anchor and managing editor of `` nbc nightly news '' for 22 years ( 1982–2004 ) . he is the only person to have hosted all three major nbc news programs : `` the today show '' , `` nbc nightly news '' , and , briefly , `` meet the press '' . he now serves as a special correspondent for nbc news and works on documentaries for other outlets.along with his competitors peter jennings at abc news and dan rather at cbs news , brokaw was one of the `` big three '' news anchors in the u.s. during the 1980s , 1990s and early 2000s . the three hosted their networks ' flagship nightly news programs for over 20 years , and all three started and retired from the anchor chair ( or died , in jennings ' case ) with dan rather notably being ousted from cbs due to false reports aired on 60 minutes ii within a year of each other.brokaw has also written several books on american history and society in the 20th century . he is the author of `` the greatest generation '' ( 1998 ) and other books and the recipient of numerous awards and honors including the presidential medal of freedom , which was awarded to him by president barack obama in 2014 . 
the biographical directory of the united states congress is a biographical dictionary of all present and former members of the united states congress and its predecessor , the continental congress . also included are delegates from territories and the district of columbia and resident commissioners from the philippines and puerto rico.the online edition also includes a guide to research collections ( a list of institutions where member 's papers , letters , correspondence , and other items are archived ) as well as an extended bibliography of published works concerning the member ( a shorter bibliography is included with the member 's biography ) . these additional resources when available can be accessed via links on the left side of the member 's page on the website . 
the florida panthers are a professional ice hockey team based in the miami metropolitan area . they compete in the national hockey league ( nhl ) as a member of the atlantic division of the eastern conference . the team initially played their home games at miami arena , before moving to the bb & t center in 1998 . located in sunrise , florida , the panthers are the southernmost team in the nhl . the team 's local broadcasting rights have been held by fox sports florida ( formerly sportschannel florida ) since 1996.the panthers began playing in the 1993–94 nhl season . the team has made one appearance in the stanley cup finals , in 1996 , the only season in which the panthers have ever won a playoff series , eventually losing the finals to the colorado avalanche . since then , the panthers have only qualified for the stanley cup playoffs five times , never advancing past the first round , since 1996.the club was affiliated with one minor league team , the springfield thunderbirds of the american hockey league . on march 6 , 2020 , the st. louis blues inherited the thunderbirds affiliation , leaving the panthers without an ahl partnership . 
a jester , court jester , or fool , was historically an entertainer during the medieval and renaissance eras who was a member of the household of a nobleman or a monarch employed to entertain guests . jesters were also itinerant performers who entertained common folk at fairs and town markets . jesters are also entertainers who perform at modern-day historically themed events.jesters in medieval times are often thought to have worn brightly coloured clothes and eccentric hats in a motley pattern and their modern counterparts usually mimic this costume . jesters entertained with a wide variety of skills : principal among them were song , music , and storytelling , but many also employed acrobatics , juggling , telling jokes , such as puns , stereotypes , and imitation , and magic tricks . much of the entertainment was performed in a comic style and many jesters made contemporary jokes in word or song about people or events well known to their audiences . 
nickel creek ( formerly known as the nickel creek band ) is an american americana music group consisting of chris thile ( mandolin ) , and siblings sara watkins ( fiddle ) and sean watkins ( guitar ) . formed in 1989 in southern california , they released six albums between 1993 and 2006 . the band broke out in 2000 with a platinum-selling self-titled album produced by alison krauss , earning a number of grammy and cma nominations.their fourth album “this side” won a 2003 grammy award for best contemporary folk album . following a fifth studio album and a compilation album , the band announced an indefinite hiatus at the conclusion of their 2007 `` farewell ( for now ) tour '' . following numerous solo projects from the band members , nickel creek reformed in 2014 with announcement of a new album and subsequent tour . 
abhurite is a mineral of tin , oxygen , hydrogen , and chlorine with the formula sno ( oh ) cl or sno ( oh ) cl . it is named after its type locality , a shipwreck with tin ingots at sharm abhur , a cove near jeddah in the red sea . abhurite forms alongside other tin minerals like romarchite and cassiterite . 
the 1979 formula one season was the 33rd season of fia formula one motor racing . it featured the 1979 world championship of f1 drivers and the 1979 international cup for f1 constructors which were contested concurrently over a fifteen-round series which commenced on 21 january 1979 , and ended on 7 october . the season also included three non-championship formula one races . jody scheckter of scuderia ferrari won the 1979 world championship of f1 drivers while scuderia ferrari won 1979 international cup for f1 constructors . gilles villeneuve made it a 1–2 for ferrari in the championship , concluding a successful second half of the 1970s for ferrari ( three drivers ' and four constructors ' titles ) . alan jones finished the season strongly for williams , finishing third in the championship and with teammate clay regazzoni scoring williams 's first ever grand prix win as a constructor . scheckter 's title was ferrari 's last drivers ' title for 21 years , before michael schumacher won five consecutive titles for the team between 2000 and 2004. , this is the only season the championship was won by a driver not from europe , america , or oceania . 
gerra ( gambarogno ) is a former municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland.on 25 april 2010 , the former municipalities of caviano , contone , gerra gambarogno , indemini , magadino , piazzogna , san nazzaro , sant'abbondio and vira gambarogno merged in the new municipality of gambarogno . 
children of bodom was a finnish melodic death metal band from espoo . formed in 1993 as inearthed and splitting up in 2019 , the final line-up of the group consisted of alexi laiho ( lead guitar , lead vocals ) , jaska raatikainen ( drums ) , henkka seppälä ( bass guitar ) , janne wirman ( keyboards ) , and daniel freyberg ( rhythm guitar ) . the band released ten studio albums , two live albums , two eps , two compilation albums and one dvd.the band 's third studio album , `` follow the reaper '' , was their first album to receive a gold certification in finland , and subsequent studio albums acquired the same status . their next four albums debuted at number one on the finnish album charts , and have also seen chart positions on the united states `` billboard '' 200 . they are one of finland 's best selling artists of all time with more than 250,000 records sold there alone.in 2019 children of bodom held their last concert before disbanding the band . laiho and freyberg carried on as bodom after midnight in 2020 . 
the game removes several major gameplay changes introduced in `` tekken 4 '' , such as uneven stage terrain , in favor of a faster gameplay akin to the older games in the series . it is also the first game in the series to feature the ability to customize characters with accessories , clothing , and other aesthetic items purchased with in-game currency . there are up to 32 characters to choose from , including seven new fighters . the home version includes a mode known as devil within , a variant of tekken force introduced in `` tekken 3 '' . unlike `` tekken 5,1 '' which merely tried to balance the game , the update `` dark resurrection '' adds a host of new content , especially in its home version for the psp . `` tekken 5 '' was a critical and commercial success , selling over six million copies . a sequel , `` tekken 6 '' , was released in 2007 . 
foo fighters is an american rock band , formed in seattle , washington , in 1994 . it was founded by nirvana drummer dave grohl as a one-man project following the dissolution of nirvana after the suicide of kurt cobain . the group got its name from `` foo fighter '' , a nickname coined by allied aircraft pilots for ufos and other aerial phenomena they reported seeing . over the course of their career , foo fighters have won 12 grammy awards , including best rock album four times . the band have also won an american music award , four brit awards , and two mtv video music awards.prior to the release of foo fighters ' 1995 debut album `` foo fighters '' , which featured grohl as the only official member , grohl recruited bassist nate mendel and drummer william goldsmith , both formerly of sunny day real estate , as well as nirvana touring guitarist pat smear to complete the lineup . the band began with performances in portland , oregon . goldsmith quit during the recording of the group 's second album , `` the colour and the shape '' ( 1997 ) , when most of the drum parts were re-recorded by grohl himself . smear 's departure followed soon afterward , though he would appear as a guest with the band frequently starting in 2006 , and would rejoin as an official full-time member in 2011.they were replaced by taylor hawkins and franz stahl , respectively , although stahl was fired before the recording of the group 's third album , `` there is nothing left to lose '' ( 1999 ) . the band briefly continued as a trio until chris shiflett joined on guitar after the completion of `` there is nothing left to lose '' . the band released its fourth album , `` one by one '' , in 2002 . the group followed that release with the two-disc `` in your honor '' ( 2005 ) , which was split between acoustic songs and heavier material . foo fighters released its sixth album , `` echoes , silence , patience & grace '' , in 2007.the band 's seventh studio album , `` wasting light '' , produced by butch vig , was released in 2011 , in which smear returned as a full member . in november 2014 , the band 's eighth studio album , `` sonic highways '' , was released as an accompanying soundtrack to the grohl-directed of the same name . on september 15 , 2017 , the band released their ninth studio album , `` concrete and gold '' , which became their second to reach number one in the united states and was the band 's first studio album to feature longtime session and touring keyboardist rami jaffee as a full member . 
azad jammu and kashmir ( , ) , abbreviated as ajk and colloquially referred to as simply azad kashmir , is a region administered by pakistan as a nominally self-governing jurisdiction , and constituting the western portion of the larger kashmir region which has been the subject of a dispute between india and pakistan since 1947 . the territory shares a border to the north with gilgit-baltistan , together with which it is referred to by the united nations and other international organizations as `` pakistani-administered kashmir '' . azad kashmir is one-sixth the size of gilgit-baltistan and constitutes part of what is kashmir proper—a valley divided between indian and pakistani control in which the majority of the ethnic kashmiri population lives . azad kashmir also shares borders with the pakistani provinces of punjab and khyber pakhtunkhwa to the south and west , respectively . on the eastern side , azad jammu and kashmir is separated from the indian union territory of jammu and kashmir ( part of indian-administered kashmir ) by the line of control ( loc ) , which serves as the `` de facto '' border between india and pakistan in kashmir . the administrative territory of azad jammu and kashmir ( excluding gilgit-baltistan ) covers a total area of , and has a total population of 4,045,366 as per the 2017 national census.the territory has a parliamentary form of government modelled after the british westminster system , with its capital located at muzaffarabad . the president of ajk is the constitutional head of state , while the prime minister , supported by a council of ministers , is the chief executive . the unicameral azad kashmir legislative assembly elects both the prime minister and president . the territory has its own supreme court and a high court , while the government of pakistan 's ministry of kashmir affairs and gilgit-baltistan serves as a link between itself and azad jammu and kashmir 's government , although the autonomous territory is not represented in the parliament of pakistan.a major earthquake in 2005 killed at least 100,000 people and left another three million people displaced , causing widespread devastation to the region 's infrastructure and economy . since then , with help from the government of pakistan and foreign aid , reconstruction of infrastructure is underway . azad kashmir 's economy largely depends on agriculture , services , tourism , and remittances sent by members of the british mirpuri community . nearly 87 % of azad kashmiri households own farm property , and the region has the highest rate of school enrolment in pakistan and a literacy rate of approximately 72 % . 
td canada trust ( doing business as simply td ) is the commercial banking operation of the toronto-dominion bank ( td ) in canada . td canada trust offers a range of financial services and products to more than 10 million canadian customers through more than 1,100 branches and 2,600 `` green machine '' atms.in addition to the countrywide network of td branches and atms in canada , the bank has a network of mobile mortgage specialists , financial planners , private bankers , investment advisors , and portfolio managers.the current td canada trust division was formed after td 's acquisition of canada trust in 2000 . all new and most existing accounts are officially issued by td bank ( institution number : 004 ) , although canada trust ( institution number : 509 ) remains a separate subsidiary entity , and it remains the issuer of accounts opened at that institution prior to the merger.since 2012 , td has been phasing out the `` canada trust '' part of its name from its logo online , in advertisements , and on stationery . 
drogenbos ( ) is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant . the municipality only comprises the town of drogenbos proper . on january 1 , 2006 , drogenbos had a total population of 4,876 . the total area is 2,49 km² ( 0,96 sq mi ) which gives a population density of 1,957 inhabitants per km² ( 5701/sq mi ) .the official language of drogenbos is dutch , as everywhere in flanders . local french-speakers ( 77 % of the population ) enjoy linguistic facilities . 
the asian snake-eyed skink ( `` ablepharus pannonicus '' ) is a species of skink . it is found in georgia , southern turkmenistan , southern tajikistan , uzbekistan , kyrgyzstan , western azerbaijan , eastern iran , iraq , oman , afghanistan , pakistan , jordan , syria , the united arab emirates , northwestern india , and cyprus . 
vodafone group plc ( ) is a british multinational telecommunications company . its registered office is located in newbury , berkshire , england and its global headquarters is based in london , england . it predominantly operates services in the regions of asia , africa , europe , and oceania . among mobile operator groups globally , vodafone ranked fourth ( behind china mobile , bharti airtel and vodafone idea , of which the group owns a 45 % stake ) in the number of mobile customers ( 313 million ) . , vodafone owned and operated networks in 25 countries , and had partner networks in 47 further countries . its vodafone global enterprise division provides telecommunications and it services to corporate clients in 150 countries.vodafone has a primary listing on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index . it had a market capitalisation of approximately £52,5 billion , the eighth-largest of any company listed on the london stock exchange . the company has a secondary listing on nasdaq . 
alan stephenson boyd ( born july 20 , 1922 ) is an american attorney and transportation executive who led several large corporations and also served the u.s. government in various transportation-related positions . he was the first united states secretary of transportation , appointed by lyndon johnson . additionally , he served in executive positions with the civil aeronautics board , the u.s. department of commerce , and was a president of amtrak.boyd is the second oldest living former u.s . cabinet member , surpassed by george p. shultz , and one of only two living members of johnson 's cabinet , along with ramsey clark . boyd is also one of two living 1st officeholders of a cabinet position , along with tom ridge , who was the first secretary of homeland security . 
actionscript is an object-oriented programming language originally developed by macromedia inc. ( later acquired by adobe systems ) . it is influenced by hypertalk , the scripting language for hypercard . it is now an implementation of ecmascript ( meaning it is a superset of the syntax and semantics of the language more widely known as javascript ) , though it originally arose as a sibling , both being influenced by hypertalk.actionscript is used primarily for the development of websites and software targeting the adobe flash player platform , used on web pages in the form of embedded swf files.actionscript 3 is also used with adobe air system for the development of desktop and mobile applications . the language itself is open-source in that its specification is offered free of charge and both an open source compiler ( as part of apache flex ) and open source virtual machine ( mozilla tamarin ) are available.actionscript is also used with scaleform gfx for the development of 3d video game user interfaces and huds . 
ammit ( ; , `` devourer of the dead '' ; also rendered ammut or ahemait ) was a demoness and goddess in ancient egyptian religion with a body that was part lion , hippopotamus , and crocodile—the three largest `` man-eating '' animals known to ancient egyptians . a funerary deity , her titles included `` devourer of the dead '' , `` eater of hearts '' , and `` great of death '' .ammit lived near the scales of justice in duat , the egyptian underworld . in the hall of two truths , anubis weighed the heart of a person against the feather of ma'at , the goddess of truth , which was depicted as an ostrich feather ( the feather was often pictured in ma'at 's headdress ) . if the heart was judged to be not pure , ammit would devour it , and the person undergoing judgment was not allowed to continue their voyage towards osiris and immortality . once ammit swallowed the heart , the soul was believed to become restless forever ; this was called `` to die a second time '' . ammit was also sometimes said to stand by a lake of fire . in some traditions , the unworthy hearts were cast into the fiery lake to be destroyed . some scholars believe ammit and the lake represent the same concept of destruction.ammit was not worshipped ; instead , she embodied all that the egyptians feared , threatening to bind them to eternal restlessness if they did not follow the principle of ma'at . 
chubbuck is a city in bannock county , idaho , united states . it is part of the pocatello metropolitan statistical area . the population was 13,922 at the 2010 census . chubbuck is located immediately north of pocatello and has opposed several consolidation proposals since the 1960s . 
guthrie is a city and county seat in logan county , oklahoma , united states , and a part of the oklahoma city metroplex . the population was 10,191 at the 2010 census , a 2,7 percent increase from the 9,925 at the 2000 census.first known as a railroad station stop , after the land run of 1889 , guthrie immediately gained 10,000 new residents who began to develop the town . it was rapidly improved and was designated as the territorial capital , and in 1907 as the first state capital of oklahoma . in 1910 state voters chose the larger oklahoma city as the new capital in a special election.guthrie is nationally significant for its collection of late 19th and early 20th century commercial architecture . the guthrie historic district includes more than 2,000 buildings and is designated as a national historic landmark . historic tourism is important to the city , and its victorian architecture provides a backdrop for wild west and territorial-style entertainment , carriage tours , replica trolley cars , specialty shops , and art galleries . 
carlisle is a home rule-class city in nicholas county , kentucky , united states . the population was 2,010 at the 2010 census . it is the county seat of nicholas county . it is located at the junction of kentucky route 32 and kentucky route 36 , about halfway between lexington and maysville . 
greenville is a home rule-class city in muhlenberg county , kentucky , in the united states . it is the seat of its county . the population was 4,312 at the 2010 census . 
genoa is a city in the north-east corner of dekalb county , illinois , united states . it is located on the historic galena-chicago stagecoach route . at the 2010 census the city had a population of 5,193 , up from 4,169 in 2000 . 
hobart is a city in lake county , indiana , united states . the population was 29,059 at the 2010 census . it has been historically primarily residential , though recent annexation has added a notable retail corridor to the city . 
albeni is a commune in gorj county , oltenia , romania . it is composed of six villages : albeni , bârzeiu de gilort , bolbocești , doseni , mirosloveni and prunești . 
les authieux-papion is a former commune in the calvados department in the normandy region of north-western france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune mézidon vallée d'auge . 
the class 910 designation is used by network rail for a fleet of former class 488 gatwick express trailer sets , now used as brake-force runner sets in departmental service.current unit details are shown below. < br > 
jozef vengloš ( born 18 february 1936 ) is a slovak former professional football player and coach . he has a doctorate in physical education , as well as specialising in psychology . he has been selected by fifa on various occasions to lecture at the fifa academies throughout the world . 
savannah ( ) is the oldest city in the u.s. state of georgia and is the county seat of chatham county . established in 1733 on the savannah river , the city of savannah became the british colonial capital of the province of georgia and later the first state capital of georgia . a strategic port city in the american revolution and during the american civil war , savannah is today an industrial center and an important atlantic seaport . it is georgia 's fifth-largest city , with a 2019 estimated population of 144,464 . the savannah metropolitan area , georgia 's third-largest , had an estimated population of 393,353 in 2019.each year savannah attracts millions of visitors to its cobblestone streets , parks , and notable historic buildings . these buildings include the birthplace of juliette gordon low ( founder of the girl scouts of the usa ) , the georgia historical society ( the oldest continually operating historical society in the south ) , the telfair academy of arts and sciences ( one of the south 's first public museums ) , the first african baptist church ( one of the oldest african-american baptist congregations in the united states ) , temple mickve israel ( the third-oldest synagogue in the u.s. ) , and the ( the oldest standing antebellum rail facility in the u.s. ) .savannah 's downtown area , which includes the savannah historic district , the savannah victorian historic district , and 22 parklike squares , is one of the largest national historic landmark districts in the united states ( designated by the u.s. government in 1966 ) . downtown savannah largely retains the original town plan prescribed by founder james oglethorpe ( a design now known as the oglethorpe plan ) . savannah was the host city for the sailing competitions during the 1996 summer olympics held in atlanta . 
the kitt peak national observatory ( kpno ) is a united states astronomical observatory located on kitt peak of the quinlan mountains in the arizona-sonoran desert on the tohono o'odham nation , west-southwest of tucson , arizona . with over twenty optical and two radio telescopes , it is one of the largest gatherings of astronomical instruments in the northern hemisphere.kitt peak national observatory was founded in 1958 . it was home to what was the largest solar telescope in the world , and many large astronomical telescopes of the late 20th century in the united states.the observatory was administered by the national optical astronomy observatory ( noao ) from the early 1980s until 2019 , after which it was overseen by the national optical-infrared astronomy research laboratory . 
brian david kendrick ( born may 29 , 1979 ) is an american professional wrestler currently signed to wwe , where he performs on the 205 live brand under the ring name the brian kendrick.kendrick is also known for his appearances with new japan pro-wrestling ( njpw ) and total nonstop action wrestling ( tna ) under his real name , as well as his appearances with pro wrestling zero1 ( zero1 ) as leonardo spanky and on the independent circuit as spanky . championships held by kendrick over the course of his career include the nwa international lightweight tag team championship , tna x division championship , world tag team championship , wwe tag team championship , wwe cruiserweight championship , icw tag team championship and zero-one united states openweight championship . kendrick currently owns and operates his own promotion , called brian kendrick 's wrestling pro wrestling . 
xkcd , sometimes styled xkcd , is a webcomic created in 2005 by american author randall munroe . the comic 's tagline describes it as `` a webcomic of romance , sarcasm , math , and language '' . munroe states on the comic 's website that the name of the comic is not an initialism , but `` just a word with no phonetic pronunciation '' .the subject matter of the comic varies from statements on life and love to mathematical , programming , and scientific in-jokes . some strips feature simple humor or pop-culture references . it has a cast of stick figures , and the comic occasionally features landscapes , graphs , charts , and intricate mathematical patterns such as fractals . new cartoons are added three times a week , on mondays , wednesdays , and fridays.munroe has released four spinoff books from the comic . the first book , chronologically , published in 2010 and entitled `` xkcd : volume 0 '' was a series of select comics from his website . his 2014 book `` '' is based on his blog of the same name that answers unusual science questions from readers in a light-hearted way that is scientifically grounded . the what if column on the site is updated with new articles from time to time . his 2015 book `` thing explainer '' explains scientific concepts using only the one thousand most commonly used words in english . a fourth book , `` '' , which is described as `` a profoundly unhelpful self-help book , '' was released on september 3 , 2019 . 
carnegie mellon university ( cmu ) is a private research university based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . founded in 1900 by andrew carnegie as the carnegie technical schools , the university became the carnegie institute of technology in 1912 and began granting four-year degrees . in 1967 , the carnegie institute of technology merged with the mellon institute of industrial research , formerly a part of the university of pittsburgh , to form carnegie mellon university . with its main campus located from downtown pittsburgh , carnegie mellon has grown into an international university with over a dozen degree-granting locations in six continents , including campuses in qatar and silicon valley , and more than 20 research partnerships.the university has seven colleges and independent schools , all of which offer interdisciplinary programs : the college of engineering , college of fine arts , dietrich college of humanities and social sciences , mellon college of science , tepper school of business , h. john heinz iii college of information systems and public policy , and the school of computer science.carnegie mellon counts 14,799 students from 117 countries , over 109,000 living alumni , and over 1,400 faculty members . past and present faculty and alumni include 20 nobel prize laureates , 13 turing award winners , 23 members of the american academy of arts and sciences , 22 fellows of the american association for the advancement of science , 79 members of the national academies , 124 emmy award winners , 47 tony award laureates , and 10 academy award winners . 
wong tai sin temple may refer to : 
steffen freund ( born 19 january 1970 ) is a german former professional football player who played as a defensive midfielder in both the german and english top flights . he was capped 21 times for his country and played a significant part in germany 's uefa euro 1996 winning campaign . he is currently working for tottenham hotspur . his son , niklas plays for sv empor berlin as a goalkeeper . 
erik olof mellberg ( ; born 3 september 1977 ) is a swedish former professional footballer who serves as manager of helsingborgs if.during his career , mellberg played as a defender , and is best known for his time at aston villa , as well as spells with juventus and greek side olympiacos.mellberg played for sweden in two world cups and four european championships and is a former captain of the national team . mellberg ended his international career with 8 goals in 117 matches . 
diamantinasaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod from australia that lived during the early late cretaceous , about 94 million years ago . the type species of the genus is d. matildae , first described and named in 2009 by scott hocknull and colleagues based on fossil finds in the winton formation . meaning `` diamantina lizard '' , the name is derived from the location of the nearby diamantina river and the greek word `` sauros '' , `` lizard '' . the specific epithet is from the australian song waltzing matilda , also the locality of the holotype and paratype . the known skeleton includes most of the forelimb , shoulder girdle , pelvis , hindlimb and ribs of the holotype , and one shoulder bone , a radius and some vertebrae of the paratype . 
marek jankulovski ( , ; born 9 may 1977 ) is a czech former professional footballer who played as a defender . his most notable achievements include winning the uefa champions league with a.c. milan and being voted the 2007 czech footballer of the year . he earned 77 caps for the czech republic , and represented them at three european championships , the 2000 olympics and the 2006 world cup.a quick , tenacious , and hardworking player , jankulovski was well known for his versatility , being able to play anywhere on the left side , and was used as a full-back , as a wing-back , and as a winger throughout his career . he was also known for his ability to cross the ball , as well as his considerable technical ability and energetic attacking runs down the left flank . 
tomislav erceg ( born 22 october 1971 ) is a croatian former professional footballer who played as a forward . he made four appearances for the croatia national team , scoring one goal . 
queen mab is a fairy referred to in william shakespeare 's play `` romeo and juliet '' , where `` she is the fairies ' midwife . '' later , she appears in other poetry and literature , and in various guises in drama and cinema . in the play , her activity is described in a famous speech by mercutio written originally in prose and often adapted into iambic pentameter , in which she is described as a miniature creature who performs midnight pranks upon sleepers . being driven by a team of atomies , she rides her chariot over their noses and `` delivers the fancies of sleeping men . '' she is also described as a midwife to help sleepers `` give birth '' to their dreams . she may be a figure borrowed from folklore , and though she is often associated with the irish medb in popular culture , and has been suggested by historian thomas keightley to be from `` habundia '' , a more likely origin for her name would be from mabel and the middle english derivative `` mabily '' ( as used by chaucer ) all from the latin `` amabilis '' ( `` lovable '' ) . 
the epistle of paul to philemon , known simply as philemon , is one of the books of the christian new testament . it is a prison letter , co-authored by paul the apostle with timothy , to philemon , a leader in the colossian church . it deals with the themes of forgiveness and reconciliation . paul does not identify himself as an apostle with authority , but as `` a prisoner of jesus christ '' , calling timothy `` our brother '' , and addressing philemon as `` fellow labourer '' and `` brother . '' ( ) onesimus , a slave that had departed from his master philemon , was returning with this epistle wherein paul asked philemon to receive him as a `` brother beloved . `` ( ) philemon was a wealthy christian , possibly a bishop of the house church that met in his home ( ) in colossae . this letter is now generally regarded as one of the undisputed works of paul . it is the shortest of paul 's extant letters , consisting of only 335 words in the greek text . 
auce ( ; ; ) is a town in southern latvia near the lithuanian border . town serves as an administrative centre of auce municipality . 
interstate 76 may refer to : 
the vicar of wakefield – subtitled a tale , supposed to be written by himself – is a novel by irish writer oliver goldsmith ( 1728–1774 ) . it was written from 1761 to 1762 and published in 1766 . it was one of the most popular and widely read 18th-century novels among victorians . 
the horned grebe or slavonian grebe ( `` podiceps auritus '' ) is a relatively small waterbird in the family podicipedidae . there are two known subspecies : `` p. a. auritus '' , which breeds in the palearctic , and `` p. a. cornutus '' , which breeds in north america . the eurasian subspecies is distributed over most of northern europe and the palearctic , breeding from greenland to western china . the north american subspecies spans most of canada and some of the united states . the species got its name from large patches of yellowish feathers located behind the eyes , called `` horns '' , that the birds can raise and lower at will . 
koshi appears as one of the original provinces in the `` nihon shoki '' . in 598 ad , the residents of koshi presented a white deer to empress suiko as tribute.at the end of the 7th century , koshi was divided into three separate provinces : echizen , etchū , and echigo ( as noted in the taihō code ) . the names of these provinces mean 'upper-koshi ' ( echizen ) , 'middle-koshi ' ( etchu ) , and 'lower-koshi ' ( echigo ) , respectively , indicating their relative positions with respect to the capital region ( kinki ) at the time the ritsuryō system was enacted . later , parts of echizen were separated off into noto and kaga provinces . 
the years of reign of bidatsu start in 572 and end in 585 ; however , there are no certain dates for this emperor 's life or reign . the names and sequence of the early emperors were not confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of emperor kanmu , who was the 50th monarch of the yamato dynasty . 
a barcode or bar code is a method of representing data in a visual , machine-readable form . initially , barcodes represented data by varying the widths and spacings of parallel lines . these barcodes , now commonly referred to as linear or one-dimensional ( 1d ) , can be scanned by special optical scanners , called barcode readers . later , two-dimensional ( 2d ) variants were developed , using rectangles , dots , hexagons and other geometric patterns , called `` matrix codes '' or `` 2d barcodes '' , although they do not use bars as such . 2d barcodes can be read or deconstructed using application software on mobile devices with inbuilt cameras , such as smartphones.the barcode was invented by norman joseph woodland and bernard silver and patented in the us in 1951 . the invention was based on morse code that was extended to thin and thick bars . however , it took over twenty years before this invention became commercially successful . an early use of one type of barcode in an industrial context was sponsored by the association of american railroads in the late 1960s . developed by general telephone and electronics ( gte ) and called kartrak aci ( automatic car identification ) , this scheme involved placing colored stripes in various combinations on steel plates which were affixed to the sides of railroad rolling stock . two plates were used per car , one on each side , with the arrangement of the colored stripes encoding information such as ownership , type of equipment , and identification number . the plates were read by a trackside scanner , located for instance , at the entrance to a classification yard , while the car was moving past . the project was abandoned after about ten years because the system proved unreliable after long-term use.barcodes became commercially successful when they were used to automate supermarket checkout systems , a task for which they have become almost universal . the uniform grocery product code council had chosen , in 1973 , the barcode design developed by george laurer . laurer 's barcode , with vertical bars , printed better than the circular barcode developed by woodland and silver . their use has spread to many other tasks that are generically referred to as automatic identification and data capture ( aidc ) . the very first scanning of the now-ubiquitous universal product code ( upc ) barcode was on a pack of wrigley company chewing gum in june 1974 at a marsh supermarket in troy , ohio.qr codes , a specific type of 2d barcode , have recently become very popular.other systems have made inroads in the aidc market , but the simplicity , universality and low cost of barcodes has limited the role of these other systems , particularly before technologies such as radio-frequency identification ( rfid ) became available after 1995 . 
dame barbara mary quant , mrs plunket greene , dbe , fcsd , rdi ( born 11 february 1930 ) is an english fashion designer and fashion icon , who is of welsh heritage.she became an instrumental figure in the 1960s london-based mod and youth fashion movements . she was one of the designers who took credit for the miniskirt and hotpants , and by promoting these and other fun fashions she encouraged young people to dress to please themselves and to treat fashion as a game . ernestine carter , an authoritative and influential fashion journalist of the 1950s and 1960s , wrote : `` it is given to a fortunate few to be born at the right time , in the right place , with the right talents . in recent fashion there are three : chanel , dior , and mary quant . '' 
a client state is a state that is economically , politically , or militarily subordinate to another more powerful state ( termed controlling state in this article ) in international affairs . types of client states include : satellite state , associated state , puppet state , neo-colony , protectorate , vassal state , and tributary state . 
classical qualitative inorganic analysis is a method of analytical chemistry which seeks to find the elemental composition of inorganic compounds. it is mainly focused on detecting ions in an aqueous solution, therefore materials in other forms may need to be brought to this state before using standard methods. the solution is then treated with various reagents to test for reactions characteristic of certain ions, which may cause color change, precipitation and other visible changes. qualitative inorganic analysis is that branch or method of analytical chemistry which seeks to establish the elemental composition of inorganic compounds through various reagents. 
3-trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine ( tfmpp ) is a recreational drug of the piperazine chemical class . usually in combination with benzylpiperazine ( bzp ) and other analogues , it is sold as an alternative to the illicit drug mdma ( `` ecstasy '' ) . 
an amphora ( ; , `` amphoreús '' ; english plural : amphorae or amphoras ) is a type of container with a pointed bottom and characteristic shape and size which fit tightly ( and therefore safely ) against each other in storage rooms and packages , tied together with rope and delivered by land or sea . the size and shape have been determined from at least as early as the neolithic period . amphorae were used in vast numbers for the transport and storage of various products , both liquid and dry , but mostly for wine . they are most often ceramic , but examples in metals and other materials have been found . versions of the amphorae were one of many shapes used in ancient greek vase painting.the amphora complements the large storage container , the pithos , which makes available capacities between one-half and two and one-half tons . in contrast , the amphora holds under a half-ton , typically less than . the bodies of the two types have similar shapes . where the pithos may have multiple small loops or lugs for fastening a rope harness , the amphora has two expansive handles joining the shoulder of the body and a long neck . the necks of pithoi are wide for scooping or bucket access . the necks of amphorae are narrow for pouring by a person holding it by the bottom and a handle . some variants exist . the handles might not be present . the size may require two or three handlers to lift . for the most part , however , an amphora was tableware , or sat close to the table , was intended to be seen , and was finely decorated as such by master painters.stoppers of perishable materials , which have rarely survived , were used to seal the contents . two principal types of amphorae existed : the `` neck amphora '' , in which the neck and body meet at a sharp angle ; and the `` one-piece amphora '' , in which the neck and body form a continuous curve upwards . neck amphorae were commonly used in the early history of ancient greece , but were gradually replaced by the one-piece type from around the 7th century bc onward.most were produced with a pointed base to allow upright storage by embedding in soft ground , such as sand . the base facilitated transport by ship , where the amphorae were packed upright or on their sides in as many as five staggered layers . if upright , the bases probably were held by some sort of rack , and ropes passed through their handles to prevent shifting or toppling during rough seas . heather and reeds might be used as packing around the vases . racks could be used in kitchens and shops . the base also concentrated deposits from liquids with suspended solid particles , such as olive oil and wines.amphorae are of great use to maritime archaeologists , as they often indicate the age of a shipwreck and the geographic origin of the cargo . they are occasionally so well preserved that the original content is still present , providing information on foodstuffs and mercantile systems . amphorae were too cheap and plentiful to return to their origin-point and so , when empty , they were broken up at their destination . at a breakage site in rome , testaccio , close to the tiber , the fragments , later wetted with calcium hydroxide ( calce viva ) , remained to create a hill now named monte testaccio , high and more than 1 kilometre in circumference . 
thallium ( i ) sulfide , tls , is a chemical compound of thallium and sulfur.it was used in some of the earliest photo-electric detectors by t. case who developed the so-called thalofide ( sometimes spelt thallofide ) cell , used in early film projectors . case described the detector material as consisting of thallium , oxygen and sulfur , and this was incorrectly described by others as being thallium oxysulfide , which incidentally is a compound that is not known . case 's work was then built on by r.j. cashman who recognised that the controlled oxidation of the tls film was key to the operation of the cell . cashman 's work culminated in the development of long wave infrared detectors used during the second world war . reliable tls detectors were also developed in germany at the same time . tls is found in nature as the mineral carlinite which has the distinction of being the only sulfide mineral of thallium that does not contain at least two metals . tls has a distorted anti-cdi structure.tls can be prepared from the elements or by precipitating the sulfide from a solution of thallium ( i ) , e.g . the sulfate or nitrate . thin films have been deposited , produced from a mixture of citratothallium complex and thiourea . heating the film in nitrogen at 300°c converts all the product into tls 
salinibacter ruber is an extremely halophilic red bacterium that was found in saltern crystallizer ponds in alicante and mallorca , spain in 2002 by antón et al . this environment has very high salt concentrations , and `` salinibacter ruber '' itself can not grow at below 15 % salt concentration , with an ideal concentration between 20–30 % .this bacterium is notable for its halophilic lifestyle , a trait exhibited primarily by members of archaea . in general , bacteria do not play a large role in microbial communities of hypersaline brines at or approaching nacl saturation . however , with the discovery of `` s. ruber '' , this belief was challenged . it was found that `` s. ruber '' made up from 5 % to 25 % of the total prokaryotic community of the spanish saltern ponds . `` salinibacter ruber '' is most closely related to the genus rhodothermus which is a thermophilic , slightly halophilic bacterium . though genetically it is considered to be closest to the rhodothermus genus , it is most comparable to the family halobacteriaceae , because of similarity in protein structure . it is red-pigmented , motile , rod-shaped , and extremely halophilic . the type strain is strain m31 ( = dsm 13855 = cect 5946 ) . 
elasmobranchii ( ) is a subclass of chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fish , including the sharks ( superorder selachii ) and the rays , skates , and sawfish ( superorder batoidea ) . members of this subclass are characterised by having four ( tawny nurse sharks have 4 pairs of gills ) to seven pairs of gill clefts opening individually to the exterior , rigid dorsal fins and small placoid scales on the skin . the teeth are in several series ; the upper jaw is not fused to the cranium , and the lower jaw is articulated with the upper . the details of this jaw anatomy vary between species , and help distinguish the different elasmobranch clades . the pelvic fins in males are modified to create claspers for the transfer of sperm . there is no swim bladder ; instead , these fish maintain buoyancy with large livers rich in oil.the earliest elasmobranch fossils came from the devonian and many surviving orders date back to the cretaceous , or even earlier . many species became extinct during the permian and there was a burst of adaptive radiation during the jurassic . 
microvilli ( singular : microvillus ) are microscopic cellular membrane protrusions that increase the surface area for diffusion and minimize any increase in volume , and are involved in a wide variety of functions , including absorption , secretion , cellular adhesion , and mechanotransduction . 
a ghostwriter is hired to write literary or journalistic works , speeches , or other texts that are officially credited to another person as the author . celebrities , executives , participants in timely news stories , and political leaders often hire ghostwriters to draft or edit autobiographies , memoirs , magazine articles , or other written material . memoir ghostwriters often pride themselves in `` disappearing '' when impersonating others since such disappearance signals the quality of their craftsmanship . in music , ghostwriters are often used to write songs , lyrics , and instrumental pieces . screenplay authors can also use ghostwriters to either edit or rewrite their scripts to improve them . usually , there is a confidentiality clause in the contract between the ghostwriter and the credited author that obligates the former to remain anonymous . sometimes the ghostwriter is acknowledged by the author or publisher for his or her writing services , euphemistically called a `` researcher '' or `` research assistant '' , but often the ghostwriter is not credited.ghostwriting ( or simply `` ghosting '' ) also occurs in other creative fields . composers have long hired ghostwriters to help them to write musical pieces and songs ; wolfgang amadeus mozart is an example of a well-known composer who was paid to ghostwrite music for wealthy patrons . ghosting also occurs in popular music . a pop music ghostwriter writes lyrics and a melody in the style of the credited musician . in hip hop music , the increasing use of ghostwriters by high-profile hip-hop stars has led to controversy . in the visual arts , it is not uncommon in either fine art or commercial art such as comics for a number of assistants to do work on a piece that is credited to a single artist ; andy warhol engaged in this practice , supervising an assembly line silk screen process for his artwork . however , when credit is established for the writer , the acknowledgement of their contribution is public domain and the writer in question would not be considered a ghostwriter . 
st ives ( , meaning `` st ia’s cove '' ) is a seaside town , civil parish and port in cornwall , england . the town lies north of penzance and west of camborne on the coast of the celtic sea . in former times it was commercially dependent on fishing . the decline in fishing , however , caused a shift in commercial emphasis , and the town is now primarily a popular seaside resort , notably achieving the title of best uk seaside town from the british travel awards in both 2010 and 2011 . st ives was incorporated by royal charter in 1639 . st ives has become renowned for its number of artists . it was named best seaside town of 2007 by `` the guardian '' newspaper . it should not be confused with st ive , a village and civil parish in south-east cornwall . 
the order embioptera , commonly known as webspinners or footspinners , are a small group of mostly tropical and subtropical insects , classified under the subclass pterygota . the order has also been called embiodea or embiidina . more than 400 species in 11 families have been described , the oldest known fossils of the group being from the mid-jurassic . species are very similar in appearance , having long , flexible bodies , short legs , and only males having wings.webspinners are gregarious , living subsocially in galleries of fine silk which they spin from glands on their forelegs . members of these colonies are often related females and their offspring ; adult males do not feed and die soon after mating . males of some species have wings and are able to disperse , whereas the females remain near where they were hatched . newly-mated females may vacate the colony and found a new one nearby . others may emerge to search for a new food source to which the galleries can be extended , but in general , the insects rarely venture from their galleries . 
`` no me queda más '' ( `` there 's nothing left for me '' ) is a song by mexican-american singer selena on her fourth studio album , `` amor prohibido '' . it was released as the third single from the album in october 1994 by emi latin . `` no me queda más '' was written by ricky vela , and production was handled by selena 's brother a b quintanilla . a downtempo mariachi and pop ballad , `` no me queda más '' portrays the ranchera storyline of a woman in agony after the end of a relationship . its lyrics express an unrequited love , the singer wishing the best for her former lover and his new partner.praised by music critics for its emotive nature , `` no me queda más '' was one of the most successful singles of selena 's career . it topped the united states `` billboard '' hot latin songs chart for seven non-consecutive weeks , her third successive number-one song . it was selena 's first number-one track on the us regional mexican airplay chart , and became the most successful us latin single of 1995 . it has been ranked the ninth-best tejano recording by `` billboard '' magazine and the eleventh-best hot latin songs chart single in 2011.the music video for `` no me queda más '' was shot in san antonio 's amtrak station . it received the music video of the year award at the `` billboard '' latin music awards , and the recording received two broadcast music honors including song of the year . many musicians have since recorded cover versions , including mexican singer pepe aguilar , american salsa singer tito nieves , and mexican pop group palomo . the palomo version peaked at number six on the regional mexican airplay chart , while nieves ' version reached number seven on the us tropical songs chart . 
iodine deficiency is a lack of the trace element iodine , an essential nutrient in the diet . it may result in metabolic problems such as goiter , sometimes as an endemic goiter as well as cretinism due to untreated congenital hypothyroidism , which results in developmental delays and other health problems . iodine deficiency is an important global health issue , especially for fertile and pregnant women . it is also a preventable cause of intellectual disability.iodine is an essential dietary mineral for neurodevelopment among offsprings and toddlers . the thyroid hormones thyroxine and triiodothyronine contain iodine . in areas where there is little iodine in the diet , typically remote inland areas where no marine foods are eaten , iodine deficiency is common . it is also common in mountainous regions of the world where food is grown in iodine-poor soil.prevention includes adding small amounts of iodine to table salt , a product known as `` iodized salt '' . iodine compounds have also been added to other foodstuffs , such as flour , water and milk , in areas of deficiency . seafood is also a well known source of iodine.in the u.s. , the use of iodine has decreased over concerns of overdoses since mid-20th century , and the iodine antagonists bromine , perchlorate and fluoride have become more ubiquitous . in particular , around 1980 the practice of using potassium iodate as dough conditioner in bread and baked goods was gradually replaced by the use of other conditioning agents such as bromide.iodine deficiency resulting in goiter occurs in 187 million people globally ( 2,7 % of the population ) . it resulted in 2700 deaths in 2013 up from 2100 deaths in 1990 . 
sara alexandra lima tavares ( born 1 february 1978 ) is a portuguese singer , composer , guitarist and percussionist . she was born and brought up in lisbon , portugal , where she still lives . second-generation portuguese of cape verdean descent , she composes african , portuguese and north american influenced world music . she composes in portuguese and portuguese-based creole languages . although portuguese is the main language of her songs , it 's not rare to find in her repertoire multilingual songs mixing portuguese with portuguese creole and even english in the same song ( eg `` one love '' ) .tavares won the 1993/1994 final of the endemol song contest `` chuva de estrelas '' ( performing whitney houston 's `` one moment in time '' ) , which helped her win the portuguese television song contest final in 1994 , consequently earning a place in the 1994 eurovision song contest , with the song `` chamar a música '' reaching 8th place.she 's also known for singing the european-portuguese version of `` god help the outcasts '' for the disney movie `` the hunchback of notre dame , '' which won a disney award for the best version of the original song . she also won a portuguese golden globe for best portuguese singer in 2000 . 
in computer science , functional programming is a programming paradigm where programs are constructed by applying and composing functions . it is a declarative programming paradigm in which function definitions are trees of expressions that each return a value , rather than a sequence of imperative statements which change the state of the program.in functional programming , functions are treated as first-class citizens , meaning that they can be bound to names ( including local identifiers ) , passed as arguments , and returned from other functions , just as any other data type can . this allows programs to be written in a declarative and composable style , where small functions are combined in a modular manner.functional programming is sometimes treated as synonymous with purely functional programming , a subset of functional programming which treats all functions as deterministic mathematical functions , or pure functions . when a pure function is called with some given arguments , it will always return the same result , and can not be affected by any mutable state or other side effects . this is in contrast with impure procedures , common in imperative programming , which can have side effects ( such as modifying the program 's state or taking input from a user ) . proponents of purely functional programming claim that by restricting side effects , programs can have fewer bugs , be easier to debug and test , and be more suited to formal verification.functional programming has its roots in academia , evolving from the lambda calculus , a formal system of computation based only on functions . functional programming has historically been less popular than imperative programming , but many functional languages are seeing use today in industry and education , including common lisp , scheme , clojure , wolfram language , racket , erlang , ocaml , haskell , and f # . functional programming is also key to some languages that have found success in specific domains , like r in statistics , j , k and q in financial analysis , and xquery/xslt for xml . domain-specific declarative languages like sql and lex/yacc use some elements of functional programming , such as not allowing mutable values . in addition , many other programming languages support programming in a functional style or have implemented features from functional programming , such as c++11 , kotlin , perl , php , python , and scala . 
`` deck the halls '' ( originally titled `` deck the hall '' ) is a traditional christmas carol . the melody is welsh , dating back to the sixteenth century , and belongs to a winter carol , `` nos galan '' , while the english lyrics , written by the scottish musician thomas oliphant , date to 1862 . 
the lockheed martin f-35 lightning ii is an american family of single-seat , single-engine , all-weather stealth multirole combat aircraft that is intended to perform both air superiority and strike missions . it is also able to provide electronic warfare and intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance capabilities . lockheed martin is the prime f-35 contractor , with principal partners northrop grumman and bae systems . the aircraft has three main variants : the conventional takeoff and landing f-35a ( ctol ) , the short take-off and vertical-landing f-35b ( stovl ) , and the carrier-based f-35c ( cv/catobar ) .the aircraft descends from the lockheed martin x-35 , which in 2001 beat the boeing x-32 to win the joint strike fighter ( jsf ) program . its development is principally funded by the united states , with additional funding from program partner countries from nato and close u.s. allies , including the united kingdom , italy , australia , canada , norway , denmark , the netherlands , and formerly turkey . several other countries have ordered , or are considering ordering , the aircraft . the program has drawn much scrutiny and criticism for its unprecedented size , complexity , ballooning costs , and much-delayed deliveries . the acquisition strategy of concurrent production of the aircraft while it was still in development and testing led to expensive design changes and retrofits.the f-35b entered service with the u.s. marine corps in july 2015 , followed by the u.s. air force f-35a in august 2016 and the u.s. navy f-35c in february 2019 . the f-35 was first used in combat in 2018 by the israeli air force . the u.s. plans to buy 2,456 f-35s through 2044 , which will represent the bulk of the crewed tactical airpower of the u.s. air force , navy , and marine corps for several decades . the aircraft is projected to operate until 2070 . 
a hawker is a vendor of merchandise that can be easily transported; the term is roughly synonymous with costermonger or peddler. in most places where the term is used, a hawker sells inexpensive goods, handicrafts, or food items. whether stationary or mobile, hawkers often advertise by loud street cries or chants, and conduct banter with customers, to attract attention and enhance sales. 
pradikta wicaksono ( born january 10 , 1986 ) or often called dikta , is an indonesian singer . he is a singer for the group yovie & nuno , along with dudi oris . he joined yovie & nuno in 2007. he had sung many of the famous songs like the special one , still the one and many more .
the as-90 ( `` artillery system for the 1990s '' ) , known officially as gun equipment 155 mm l131 , is an armoured self-propelled artillery weapon used by the british army . 
lake wobegon is a fictional town created by garrison keillor as the setting of the `` news from lake wobegon '' segment of the radio program `` a prairie home companion '' . lake wobegon is also the setting of many of keillor 's stories and novels . it is described as a small rural town in central minnesota , and is peopled with fictional characters and places , many of which became familiar to listeners of the broadcast . the events and adventures of the townspeople provided keillor with a wealth of humorous and often touching stories.keillor has said that people often ask him if it is a real town , and when he replied that it was not , they seemed disappointed , because `` people want stories to be true '' . so he began to say it was in `` central minnesota , near stearns county , up around holdingford , not far from st. rosa and albany and freeport , northwest of st cloud '' , which he says is `` sort of the truth , i guess . '' 
kandahār ( ; , `` qandahār '' ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of afghanistan , located in the southern part of the country , sharing border with balochistan , pakistan to the east . it is surrounded by helmand in the west , uruzgan in the north and zabul province in the east . its capital is the city of kandahar , afghanistan 's second largest city , which is located on the arghandab river . the greater region surrounding the province is called loy kandahar.the province contains about 18 districts , over 1,000 villages , and approximately 1,368,100 people ( the 6th most populous province ) , which is mostly tribal and a rural society . the main inhabitants of kandahar province are the ethnic pashtuns , tajiks , hazaras , uzbeks and baloch who are found in many districts of kandahar . the current governor of the province is humayoon azizi . 
the sukhoi su-30mki ( nato reporting name : flanker-h ) is a twinjet multirole air superiority fighter developed by russia 's sukhoi and built under licence by india 's hindustan aeronautics limited ( hal ) for the indian air force ( iaf ) . a variant of the sukhoi su-30 , it is a heavy , all-weather , long-range fighter.development of the variant started after india signed a deal with russia in 2000 to manufacture 140 su-30 fighter jets . the first russian-made su-30mki variant was accepted into the indian air force in 2002 , while the first su-30mki assembled in india entered service with the iaf in 2004 . the iaf has nearly 260 su-30mkis in inventory as of january 2020 . the su-30mki is expected to form the backbone of the indian air force 's fighter fleet to 2020 and beyond.the aircraft is tailor-made for indian specifications and integrates indian systems and avionics as well as french and israeli sub-systems . it has abilities similar to the sukhoi su-35 with which it shares many features and components . 
silver end is a village in braintree , essex , in england . it was conceived as a model village by the industrialist francis henry crittall who established a crittall windows ltd factory there to manufacture components for metal windows .
donald jay rickles ( may 8 , 1926 – april 6 , 2017 ) was an american stand-up comedian , actor , and author , known especially for his insult comedy . his film roles included `` run silent , run deep '' ( 1958 ) with clark gable , `` kelly 's heroes '' ( 1970 ) with clint eastwood and `` casino '' ( 1995 ) with robert de niro ; beginning in 1976 , he enjoyed a two-year run starring in the nbc television sitcom `` c.p.o . sharkey '' and had his own sitcom called `` the don rickles show '' ( 1972 ) .a headline performer at las vegas hotel-casinos and peripheral member of the rat pack via friendship with frank sinatra , rickles received widespread exposure as a frequent guest on talk and variety shows , including `` the dean martin show '' , `` the tonight show starring johnny carson '' and `` late show with david letterman '' , and later voicing mr potato head in the `` toy story '' franchise . he won a primetime emmy award for the 2007 documentary `` '' . 
zapopan ( ) is a city and municipality located in the mexican state of jalisco . part of the guadalajara metropolitan area , the population of zapopan city proper makes it the second largest city in the state , very close behind the population of guadalajara proper . it is best known as being the home of the virgin of zapopan , an image of the virgin mary which was made in the 16th century . this image has been credited with a number of miracles and has been recognized by popes and even visited by pope john paul ii . the municipality is also the home of the centro cultural universitario , which contains one of the most important concert venues in latin america and is the home of the new stadium for the cd guadalajara.the name zapopan means `` among the sapote trees '' . it derives from the nahuatl word `` tzapotl '' `` sapote '' with the addition of the locative suffix `` -pan '' . it also has the nickname of “ex villa maicera” ( `` former corn village '' ) , as it used to be a major producer of corn . its seal was designed by josé trinidad laris in 1941 for the 400th anniversary of the city 's founding . 
regular show ( also known as regular show in space during its eighth season ) is an american animated television sitcom created by j. g. quintel for cartoon network that aired from september 6 , 2010 , to january 16 , 2017 . the series revolves around the lives of two working-class friends , a blue jay named mordecai and a raccoon named rigbyboth employed as groundskeepers at a local park . they usually try to solve a simple problem that leads to a surreal , extreme , and often supernatural misadventure . during these misadventures , they interact with the show 's other main characters : benson , pops , skips , muscle man , and hi-five ghost.many of `` regular show '' characters were loosely based on those developed for quintel 's student films at california institute of the arts : `` the naïve man from lolliland '' and `` 2 in the am pm '' . the former was one of the winners of the 2005 nicktoons film festival and received international attention after being broadcast on nicktoons network . quintel pitched `` regular show '' for cartoon network 's cartoonstitute project , in which the network allowed young artists to create pilots with no notes , which would possibly be optioned as shows . the project was green-lit and it premiered on september 6 , 2010.as of may 2013 , the program had been watched by approximately 2 to 2,5 million viewers each week . the series has received positive reviews from critics and has developed a following of all ages . `` regular show '' has been nominated for several awards , including seven annie awards , six primetime emmy awards—one of which it won for the episode `` eggscellent '' ( season 3 , episode 18 ) —and three british academy children 's awards . a film based on the series , titled `` '' , premiered in 2015.after eight seasons and 261 episodes , the series concluded on january 16 , 2017 , with the one-hour finale `` a regular epic final battle '' . 
aluminium iodide is any chemical compound containing only aluminium and iodine . invariably , the name refers to a compound of the composition , formed by the reaction of aluminium and iodine or the action of on metal . the hexahydrate is obtained from a reaction between metallic aluminum or aluminum hydroxide with hydrogen iodide or hydroiodic acid . like the related chloride and bromide , is a strong lewis acid and will absorb water from the atmosphere . it is employed as a reagent for the scission of certain kinds of c-o and n-o bonds . it cleaves aryl ethers and deoxygenates epoxides . 
kendra leigh wilkinson ( formerly baskett ; born june 12 , 1985 ) is an american television personality , businesswoman , glamour model , and author . she is known for being one of hugh hefner 's girlfriends and for her role on the e ! reality television series `` the girls next door '' , on which her life in the playboy mansion was documented . although not a playboy playmate , she has appeared in three nude pictorials with her `` girls next door '' co-stars and fellow hefner girlfriends holly madison and bridget marquardt . her first reality series , `` kendra '' , debuted in june 2009 and ended in november 2011 . 
theil-sur-vanne is a former commune in the yonne department in bourgogne-franche-comté in north-central france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of les vallées-de-la-vanne . 
james richard gammon ( april 20 , 1940 – july 16 , 2010 ) was an american actor , known for playing grizzled `` good ol ' boy '' types in numerous films and television series.gammon is best known as lou brown , the manager in the movies `` major league '' and `` major league ii '' , which portrayed a fictitious version of the cleveland indians . 
emeritus ( ; female : emerita ) , in its current usage , is an adjective used to designate a retired chairperson , professor , pastor , bishop , pope , director , president , prime minister , rabbi , emperor , or other person who has been `` permitted to retain as an honorary title the rank of the last office held '' . like the romance languages derived from it , latin contains many words that are gender-specific ; `` emeritus '' is used for a male , `` emerita '' for a female.in some cases , the term is conferred automatically upon all persons who retire at a given rank , but in others , it remains a mark of distinguished service , awarded only to a few on retirement . it is also used when a person of distinction in a profession retires or hands over the position , enabling their former rank to be retained in their title , e.g. , `` professor emeritus '' . the term `` emeritus '' does not necessarily signify that a person has relinquished all the duties of their former position , and they may continue to exercise some of them.the title `` emeritus '' is not used for a deceased person , except in obituaries , where it may indicate their status at the time of death . 
the wherry lines are railway branch lines in the east of england , linking to and . there are 14 stations including the three termini . they form part of network rail strategic route 7 , srs 07,11 and are classified as a rural line.the lines pass through the broads of norfolk and suffolk . the name is taken from the norfolk wherries , which played an important role in the transport of goods and people around the broads before road and rail transport became widespread.passenger services on the wherry lines are currently operated by abellio greater anglia . 
marjorie lord ( née wollenberg ; july 26 , 1918 – november 28 , 2015 ) was an american television and film actress . she played kathy `` clancy '' o'hara williams , opposite danny thomas 's character on `` the danny thomas show '' and later `` make room for granddaddy '' . 
ruby is an interpreted , high-level , general-purpose programming language . it was designed and developed in the mid-1990s by yukihiro `` matz '' matsumoto in japan.ruby is dynamically typed and uses garbage collection . it supports multiple programming paradigms , including procedural , object-oriented , and functional programming . according to the creator , ruby was influenced by perl , smalltalk , eiffel , ada , basic , and lisp . 
clarence linden crabbe ii ( ; february 7 , 1908 – april 23 , 1983 ) , known professionally as buster crabbe , was an american two-time olympic swimmer and film and television actor . he won the 1932 olympic gold medal for 400-meter freestyle swimming event , which launched his career on the silver screen and later television . he starred in a variety of popular feature films and movie serials released between 1933 and the 1950s , portraying the top three syndicated comic-strip heroes of the 1930s : tarzan , flash gordon , and buck rogers . 
farnham is a small village in essex , england , situated near bishop 's stortford . the main features are farnham church of england primary school , the church and the three horseshoes pub in hazel end , which some consider a hamlet in its own right . the population is approximately 300 , increasing to 410 at the 2011 census . it is divided up into several areas , such as farnham , hazel end , bell 's cottages , saven end and farnham green.the name is derived from the fernham ( hamlet in the ferns ) .this village is also mentioned in the `` anglo-saxon chronicle '' as the site of a battle between king alfred’s army and a viking army that had captured a great war-booty in 893 . king alfred defeated the vikings and recovered the booty.farnham is mentioned in the domesday book as one of the settlements in clavering hundred . 
samuel michael fuller ( august 12 , 1912 – october 30 , 1997 ) was an american screenwriter , novelist , and film director known for low-budget , understated genre movies with controversial themes , often made outside the conventional studio system . fuller wrote his first screenplay for `` hats off '' in 1936 , and made his directorial debut with the western `` i shot jesse james '' ( 1949 ) . he would continue to direct several other westerns and war thrillers throughout the 1950s.fuller shifted from westerns and war thrillers in the 1960s with his low-budget thriller `` shock corridor '' in 1963 , followed by the neo-noir `` the naked kiss '' ( 1964 ) . he was inactive in filmmaking for most of the 1970s , before writing and directing the war epic `` the big red one '' ( 1980 ) , and the experimental `` white dog '' ( 1982 ) , whose screenplay he co-wrote with curtis hanson . 
piers morgan live ( formerly known as piers morgan tonight ) was an american television talk show that was hosted by piers morgan and broadcast on cnn . the show premiered on january 17 , 2011 , and filled in the former `` larry king live '' timeslot . it was announced as cancelled on february 23 , 2014 , after a continuous drop in ratings , and broadcast its last episode on march 28 , 2014.the theme music was written by anthony james , composer and ceo of british company music candy , and his writing partner yiorgos bellapaisiotis , music candy 's director . `` piers morgan live '' was broadcast primarily from cnn 's studios at the time warner center in new york city . 
the princess diaries is a series of epistolary young adult novels written by meg cabot , and is also the title of the first volume , published in 2000 . the series revolves around amelia 'mia ' thermopolis , a teenager in new york who discovers that she is the princess of a small european principality called genovia . the books are noted for containing many popular culture references , which include singers , movies , and fads in modern culture.meg cabot quotes the series ' inspiration on her website stating : `` i was inspired to write `` the princess diaries '' when my mom , after the death of my father , began dating one of my teachers ; they later went on to get married just as mia 's mom does in the book ! i have always had a 'thing ' for princesses ( my parents used to joke that when i was smaller , i did a lot of insisting that my 'real ' parents , the king and queen , were going to come get me soon , and that everyone had better start being a nicer to me ) so i stuck a princess in the book just for kicks . and  the `` princess diaries '' was born . `` the latest book in the series , `` '' was published in 2015 . a spin-off series for tweens featuring mia 's half-sister , `` from the notebooks of a middle school princess '' was released in may 2015 . 
ion luca caragiale ( ; commonly referred to as i. l. caragiale ; – 9 june 1912 ) was a wallachian , later romanian playwright , short story writer , poet , theater manager , political commentator and journalist . leaving behind an important cultural legacy , he is considered one of the greatest playwrights in romanian language and literature , as well as one of its most important writers and a leading representative of local humour . alongside mihai eminescu , ioan slavici and ion creangă , he is seen as one of the main representatives of `` junimea '' , an influential literary society with which he nonetheless parted during the second half of his life . his work , spanning four decades , covers the ground between neoclassicism , realism , and naturalism , building on an original synthesis of foreign and local influences.although few in number , caragiale 's plays constitute the most accomplished expression of romanian theater , as well as being important venues for criticism of late-19th-century romanian society . they include the comedies `` o noapte furtunoasă '' , `` conu leonida faţă cu reacţiunea '' , `` o scrisoare pierdută '' , and the tragedy `` năpasta '' . in addition to these , caragiale authored the melodrama `` o soacră '' , a large number of essays , articles , short stories , novellas and sketch stories , as well as occasional works of poetry and autobiographical texts such as `` din carnetul unui vechi sufleur '' . in many cases , his creations were first published in one of several magazines he edited— '' claponul '' , `` moftul român '' , `` vatra '' and `` epoca '' . most of his prose works have been published under the title `` momente şi schiţe '' : they include `` căldură mare '' , `` cănuţă om sucit '' , `` două loturi '' , `` grand hotel `` victoria română '' '' , as well as several pieces referring to stock characters such as lache and mache , marius chicoş rostogan and mitică . in some of his later fiction writings , including `` la hanul lui mânjoală '' , `` kir ianulea '' , `` abu-hasan '' , `` pastramă trufanda '' and `` calul dracului '' , caragiale adopted the fantasy genre or turned to historical fiction.ion luca caragiale was interested in the politics of the romanian kingdom , and oscillated between the liberal current and conservatism . most of his satirical works target the liberal republicans and the national liberals , evidencing both his respect for their rivals at `` junimea '' and his connections with the literary critic titu maiorescu . he came to clash with national liberal leaders such as dimitrie sturdza and bogdan petriceicu hasdeu , and was a lifelong adversary of the symbolist poet alexandru macedonski . as a result of these conflicts , the most prominent of caragiale 's critics barred his access to the cultural establishment for several decades . during the 1890s , caragiale rallied with the radical movement of george panu , before associating with the conservative party . after having decided to settle in berlin , he came to voice strong criticism for romanian politicians of all colours in the wake of the 1907 romanian peasants ' revolt , and ultimately joined the conservative-democratic party.he was both a friend and rival to writers such as eminescu , maiorescu , and barbu ştefănescu delavrancea , while maintaining contacts with , among others , the `` junimist '' essayist iacob negruzzi , the socialist philosopher constantin dobrogeanu-gherea , the literary critic paul zarifopol , the poets george coşbuc and mite kremnitz , the psychologist constantin rădulescu-motru , and the transylvanian poet and activist octavian goga . ion luca was the nephew of costache and iorgu caragiale , who were major figures of mid-19th century romanian theatre . his sons mateiu and luca were both modernist writers . 
`` novacane '' is the debut single by american singer frank ocean . it was released as the lead single from his mixtape `` nostalgia , ultra '' . the song was written by ocean , tricky stewart and victor alexander , and produced by stewart . lyrically , the song narrates a tale of a young female dental student who makes a living doing porn and who recreationally uses local anesthetic drugs that she acquires from her place of study . the song explores themes of isolation , loneliness and a lack of feeling caused by numbness . the song received highly positive reviews from music critics and was listed as one of the best songs of the year by publications such as `` the new york times '' , `` spin '' , ology , zimbio and `` pitchfork '' . reviews praised the dark subject matter of the song , and praised ocean 's ability to create narratives and the sonic atmosphere of the track . the cover for `` novacane '' is similar to the roxy music album '' stranded '' .when `` nostalgia , ultra '' was expected to be released as an ep by def jam , `` novacane '' was released as the first single , though the ep release was later cancelled . the song peaked at number 82 on the `` billboard '' hot 100 and entered the top 10 on the heatseekers songs chart . the song received a music video directed by australian director nabil elderkin released on june 16 . the highly stylized video shows a long take of ocean sitting around in a darkly lit room . ocean performed the song during a show in new york city with alternative hip hop group ofwgkta , and during his seven show tour through north america and europe . it was also performed during his fourteen-show north american tour in support of his debut studio album , `` channel orange '' . 
too cool was a professional wrestling tag team and group active in the world wrestling federation ( later world wrestling entertainment ) between 1998 and 2001 and for a short time in 2004 and 2014 . the group contained members grandmaster sexay , scotty 2 hotty , and rikishi . 
the hyades ( ; greek ὑάδες , also known as caldwell 41 , collinder 50 , or melotte 25 ) is the nearest open cluster and one of the best-studied star clusters . located about away from the sun , it consists of a roughly spherical group of hundreds of stars sharing the same age , place of origin , chemical characteristics , and motion through space . from the perspective of observers on earth , the hyades cluster appears in the constellation taurus , where its brightest stars form a `` v '' shape along with the still-brighter aldebaran . however , aldebaran is unrelated to the hyades , as it is located much closer to earth and merely happens to lie along the same line of sight.the five brightest member stars of the hyades have consumed the hydrogen fuel at their cores and are now evolving into giant stars . four of these stars , with bayer designations gamma , delta 1 , epsilon , and theta tauri , form an asterism that is traditionally identified as the head of taurus the bull . the fifth of these stars is theta tauri , a tight naked-eye companion to the brighter theta tauri . epsilon tauri , known as `` ain '' ( the `` bull 's eye '' ) , has a gas giant exoplanet candidate , the first planet to be found in any open cluster.the age of the hyades is estimated to be about 625 million years . the core of the cluster , where stars are the most densely packed , has a radius of , and the cluster 's tidal radius – where the stars become more strongly influenced by the gravity of the surrounding milky way galaxy – is . however , about one-third of confirmed member stars have been observed well outside the latter boundary , in the cluster 's extended halo ; these stars are probably in the process of escaping from its gravitational influence . 
colin andrew mochrie ( ; born november 30 , 1957 ) is a scottish-born canadian actor , writer , producer and improvisational comedian , best known for his appearances on the british and us versions of the improvisational tv show `` whose line is it anyway ? `` mochrie honed his comedic talents with vancouver 's theatresports league and toronto 's second city theatre . he has appeared in dozens of television series and films , as well as theatrical shows . with his wife , comedian debra mcgrath , mochrie co-wrote , co-produced and co-starred in `` getting along famously '' and `` she 's the mayor '' . he has written for numerous other series and events , and wrote and performed for the white house correspondents ' association dinner.mochrie 's work has been recognized with numerous awards , including two canadian comedy awards , a gemini award , and a writers guild of canada award . he was named canadian comedy person of the year at the 2013 canadian comedy awards . 
alain resnais ( ; 3 june 19221 march 2014 ) was a french film director and screenwriter whose career extended over more than six decades . after training as a film editor in the mid-1940s , he went on to direct a number of short films which included `` night and fog '' ( 1956 ) , an influential documentary about the nazi concentration camps.resnais began making feature films in the late 1950s and consolidated his early reputation with `` hiroshima mon amour '' ( 1959 ) , `` last year at marienbad '' ( 1961 ) , and `` muriel '' ( 1963 ) , all of which adopted unconventional narrative techniques to deal with themes of troubled memory and the imagined past . these films were contemporary with , and associated with , the french new wave ( `` la nouvelle vague '' ) , though resnais did not regard himself as being fully part of that movement . he had closer links to the `` left bank '' group of authors and filmmakers who shared a commitment to modernism and an interest in left-wing politics . he also established a regular practice of working on his films in collaboration with writers previously unconnected with the cinema such as jean cayrol , marguerite duras , alain robbe-grillet , jorge semprún and jacques sternberg.in later films , resnais moved away from the overtly political topics of some previous works and developed his interests in an interaction between cinema and other cultural forms , including theatre , music , and comic books . this led to imaginative adaptations of plays by alan ayckbourn , henri bernstein and jean anouilh , as well as films featuring various kinds of popular song.his films frequently explore the relationship between consciousness , memory , and the imagination , and he was noted for devising innovative formal structures for his narratives . throughout his career , he won many awards from international film festivals and academies . 
alexandria is a city in and the county seat of douglas county , minnesota . first settled in 1858 , it was named after brothers alexander and william kinkead from maryland . the form of the name alludes to alexandria , egypt , a center of learning and civilization.the village of alexandria was incorporated february 20 , 1877 . its city charter was adopted in 1908 , and it was incorporated as a city in 1909 . w. e. hicks was pivotal to the town 's early development . he purchased the townsite in 1868 and established a mill , hotel , newspaper , and store . he donated property for a courthouse , jail , and two churches : methodist and congregational.the population was 11,070 as of the 2010 census . alexandria is near interstate 94 , along minnesota state highways 27 and 29 . it is ten miles south of lake carlos state park . in 2013 , alexandria was named a `` top 10 best small town '' by the livability website . the city is often abbreviated as `` alex '' ( pronounced `` alek '' ) . 
histamine is an organic nitrogenous compound involved in local immune responses , as well as regulating physiological function in the gut and acting as a neurotransmitter for the brain , spinal cord , and uterus . histamine is involved in the inflammatory response and has a central role as a mediator of itching . as part of an immune response to foreign pathogens , histamine is produced by basophils and by mast cells found in nearby connective tissues . histamine increases the permeability of the capillaries to white blood cells and some proteins , to allow them to engage pathogens in the infected tissues . it consists of an imidazole ring attached to an ethylamine chain ; under physiological conditions , the amino group of the side-chain is protonated . 
the buffalo bandits are a professional box lacrosse team in the north division of the national lacrosse league ( nll ) . they play at the keybank center in buffalo , new york . the bandits played in the major indoor lacrosse league from 1992 to 1997 , then in its successor the nll since 1998.the bandits are owned by hockey western new york llc , a division of pegula sports and entertainment led by terry pegula who also owns the buffalo sabres and the buffalo bills . 
the african palm civet ( `` nandinia binotata '' ) , also known as the two-spotted palm civet , is a small feliform mammal widely distributed in sub-saharan africa . it is listed as least concern on the iucn red list . 
jeanne renée deneuve ( born 10 september 1911 ) , known professionally as renée-jeanne simonot , is a retired french actress and voice artist . she is the widow of actor maurice dorléac , the mother of actresses catherine deneuve and françoise dorléac and the grandmother of actors christian vadim and chiara mastroianni . 
mieszko ii lambert ( ; c. 990 – 10/11 may 1034 ) was king of poland from 1025–1031 , and duke from 1032 until his death.he was the second son of bolesław i the brave , but the eldest born from his third wife emnilda of lusatia . he was probably named after his paternal grandfather , mieszko i . his second name , lambert , sometimes erroneously considered to be a nickname , was given to him as a reference to saint lambert . also , it is probable that this name lambert was chosen after bolesław 's half-brother lambert . it is thought that the choice of this name for his son was an expression of warming relations between bolesław i and his stepmother oda.he organized two devastating invasions of saxony in 1028 and 1030 . then , mieszko ii ran a defensive war against germany , bohemia and the kievan princes . mieszko ii was forced to escape from the country in 1031 after an attack by yaroslav i the wise , who installed mieszko 's older half-brother bezprym onto the polish throne . mieszko ii took refuge in bohemia , where he was imprisoned by the duke oldrich . in 1032 he regained power in one of the three districts , then united the country , making good use of the remaining power structures . at this time , several polish territorial acquisitions of his father were lost : upper lusatia ( also known as `` milsko '' ) , part of lower lusatia , red ruthenia , the western and central parts of upper hungary ( now slovakia ) , and probably moravia.mieszko ii was very well educated for the period . he was able to read and write , and knew both greek and latin . he is unjustly known as mieszko ii `` gnuśny '' ( the `` lazy , '' `` stagnant '' or `` slothful '' ) . he received that epithet due to the unfortunate way his reign ended ; but in the beginning he acted as a skillful and talented ruler . 
muriel elizabeth bowser ( ; born august 2 , 1972 ) is an american politician serving as the eighth mayor of the district of columbia since 2015 . a member of the democratic party , she previously represented ward 4 as a member of the council of the district of columbia from 2007 to 2015 . she is the second female mayor of the district of columbia after sharon pratt , and the first woman to be reelected to that position.elected to the advisory neighborhood commission in 2004 , bowser was elected to the council in a special election in 2007 , to succeed adrian fenty , who had been elected mayor . she was reelected in 2008 and 2012 and ran for mayor in the 2014 election . she defeated incumbent mayor vincent c. gray in the democratic primary and won the general election against three independent and two minor party candidates with 55 % of the vote . in 2018 , she won a second term with 76 % of the vote . 
acer inc. ( ; , lit `` hongqi corporation ltd. '' ) is a taiwanese multinational hardware and electronics corporation specializing in advanced electronics technology , headquartered in xizhi , new taipei city . its products include desktop pcs , laptop pcs ( clamshells , 2-in-1s , convertibles and chromebooks ) , tablets , servers , storage devices , virtual reality devices , displays , smartphones and peripherals , as well as gaming pcs and accessories under its predator brand.in the early 2000s , acer implemented a new business model , shifting from a manufacturer to a designer , marketer and distributor of products , while performing production processes via contract manufacturers . in 2015 , acer was the sixth-largest personal computer vendor in the world . currently , in addition to its core it products business , acer also has a new business entity that focuses on the integration of cloud services and platforms , and the development of smartphones and wearable devices with value-added iot applications . 
trypanosoma is a genus of kinetoplastids ( class trypanosomatidae ) , a monophyletic group of unicellular parasitic flagellate protozoa . trypanosoma is part of the phylum sarcomastigophora . the name is derived from the greek `` trypano- '' ( borer ) and `` soma '' ( body ) because of their corkscrew-like motion . most trypanosomes are heteroxenous ( requiring more than one obligatory host to complete life cycle ) and most are transmitted via a vector . the majority of species are transmitted by blood-feeding invertebrates , but there are different mechanisms among the varying species . some , such as `` trypanosoma equiperdum '' , are spread by direct contact . in an invertebrate host they are generally found in the intestine , but normally occupy the bloodstream or an intracellular environment in the mammalian host.trypanosomes infect a variety of hosts and cause various diseases , including the fatal human diseases sleeping sickness , caused by `` trypanosoma brucei '' , and chagas disease , caused by `` trypanosoma cruzi . `` the mitochondrial genome of the `` trypanosoma '' , as well as of other kinetoplastids , known as the kinetoplast , is made up of a highly complex series of catenated circles and minicircles and requires a cohort of proteins for organisation during cell division . 
a polydnavirus ( pdv ) is a member of the family polydnaviridae of insect viruses . there are currently 53 species in this family , divided among 2 genera . polydnaviruses form a symbiotic relationship with parasitoid wasps ( ichnoviruses occur in ichneumonid wasps species and bracoviruses in braconid wasps ) , but these wasps are themselves parasitic on lepidoptera ( moths and butterflies ) . little or no sequence homology exists between bv and iv , suggesting that the two genera evolved independently for a long time . 
dean spaulding potter ( april 14 , 1972 – may 16 , 2015 ) was an american free climber , alpinist , base jumper , and highliner . he was noted for hard first ascents , free solo ascents , speed ascents , and enchainments in yosemite national park and patagonia and his death in a wingsuit flying accident in yosemite national park . 
james robert belden ( october 31 , 1956 – may 20 , 2015 ) was an american saxophonist , arranger , composer , bandleader , and producer . as a composer he may be best known for his grammy award winning orchestral jazz recording , `` black dahlia '' ( 2001 ) . as producer he is mostly associated with the remastering of seminal recordings by trumpeter miles davis for columbia records . 
inuinnaqtun ( ; natively meaning `` like the real human beings/peoples '' ) , is an indigenous inuit language of canada and a dialect of inuvialuktun . it is related very closely to inuktitut , and some scholars , such as richard condon , believe that inuinnaqtun is more appropriately classified as a dialect of inuktitut . the governments of the northwest territories and nunavut recognise inuinnaqtun as an official language in addition to inuktitut . the official languages act of nunavut , passed by the senate of canada on june 11 , 2009 , recognized inuinnaqtun as one of the official languages of nunavut.inuinnaqtun is used primarily in the communities of cambridge bay and kugluktuk in the western kitikmeot region of nunavut . outside nunavut , it is spoken in the hamlet of ulukhaktok , where it is also known as `` kangiryuarmiutun '' . it is written using the roman orthography . 
margaret frances lynch ( november 25 , 1916 – july 24 , 2015 ) was an american writer , actress , and creator of the radio and television sitcoms `` ethel and albert '' , `` the couple next door '' , and '' the little things in life '' . she created , wrote , starred in and owned her own sitcom ; she retained that ownership throughout her life . in total , lynch wrote nearly 11,000 scripts for radio and television . 
henry gibson ( born james bateman , september 21 , 1935 – september 14 , 2009 ) was an american actor , singer , and songwriter.his best-known roles include his time as a cast member of the tv sketch-comedy series `` rowan & martin 's laugh-in '' from 1968 to 1971 , the voice of wilbur in the 1973 film `` charlotte 's web '' , his portrayal of diminutive country star haven hamilton in robert altman 's 1975 film `` nashville '' , his role as the `` illinois nazi '' leader in the 1980 film `` the blues brothers '' , his performance opposite tom hanks in 1989 's `` the 'burbs '' , a small role in `` magnolia '' , his role as the family priest in `` wedding crashers '' , and his recurring role as judge clark brown on `` boston legal '' . 
an act of congress is a statute enacted by congress . acts can affect only individual entities ( called private laws ) , or the general public ( public laws ) . for a bill to become an act , the text must pass through both houses with a majority , then be either signed into law by the president of the united states or receive congressional override against a presidential veto . 
the union of azerbaijani writers ( ) is the largest public organization of azerbaijani writers , poets and publicists . it has over 1500 members at present . it was founded on june 13 , 1934 , when azerbaijan was a part of the soviet union as the azerbaijan soviet socialist republic . 
michael novak ( september 9 , 1933 – february 17 , 2017 ) was an american catholic philosopher , journalist , novelist , and diplomat . the author of more than forty books on the philosophy and theology of culture , novak is most widely known for his book `` the spirit of democratic capitalism '' ( 1982 ) . in 1993 novak was honored with an honorary doctorate degree at universidad francisco marroquín due to his commitment to the idea of liberty . in 1994 he was awarded the templeton prize for progress in religion , which included a million-dollar purse awarded at buckingham palace . he wrote books and articles focused on capitalism , religion , and the politics of democratization.novak served as united states ambassador to the united nations commission on human rights in 1981 and 1982 and led the u.s. delegation to the conference on security and cooperation in europe in 1986 . additionally , novak served on the board of directors of the now-defunct coalition for a democratic majority , a conservative anti-communist faction of the democratic party , which sought to influence democratic party policies in the same direction that the committee on the present danger later did . novak was george frederick jewett scholar in religion , philosophy , and public policy at the american enterprise institute . in 2004 , he claimed to be a lifelong democrat , while noting that he has supported many republican candidates . 
vivek hallegere murthy ( born july 10 , 1977 ) is an american physician and former vice admiral in the public health service commissioned corps who served as the 19th surgeon general of the united states . murthy , who founded the nonprofit doctors for america in 2008 , was the first surgeon general of indian descent and , while serving in office , was the youngest active duty flag officer in federal uniformed service . 
carsten günter erich sieling ( born 13 january 1959 ) is a german politician of the social democratic party ( spd ) who served as the president of the senate and mayor of the free hanseatic city of bremen from 2015 until 2019 . his successor is andreas bovenschulte . 
joseph marcell ( born 14 august 1948 ) is a british actor and comedian best known for his role as geoffrey butler , the butler on the nbc sitcom `` the fresh prince of bel-air '' from september 1990 , until it ended in may 1996 . born in saint lucia , he moved to the united kingdom when he was nine years old , and grew up in peckham , south london . marcell lives in banstead , surrey.he studied theatre and science at the university of sheffield , then took courses in speech and dance at the central school of speech and drama . 
saint-martin-lez-tatinghem is a commune in the pas-de-calais department of northern france . the municipality was established on 1 january 2016 and consists of the former communes of saint-martin-au-laërt and tatinghem . 
tangvayosaurus ( meaning `` tang vay lizard '' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the aptian-albian age lower cretaceous gres superieurs formation of savannakhet , laos . it was a basal somphospondylan , about 15 m long , and is known from the remains of two or three individuals . 
the drôme ( ) , a river in southeastern france , a left tributary of the rhône . it is long , and has a watershed of 1,663 km² . its source is in the western foothills of the alps , near the village valdrôme . it flows into the rhône near loriol-sur-drôme , between valence and montélimar . tributaries of the drôme include the bez ( or bès ) , the roanne and the gervanne.the drôme flows through the following `` départements '' and towns : 
börje vestlund ( 2 february 1960 – 22 september 2017 ) was a swedish social democratic politician , member of the riksdag from 2002 until his death in 2017 . he was openly gay . 
langston faizon santisima ( born june 14 , 1968 ) , professionally known as faizon love , is a cuban-american actor and comedian . he is best known for roles in the films `` the meteor man '' , `` do n't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood '' , `` friday '' , `` b*a*p*s , torque '' , `` elf '' , `` the replacements '' , `` made '' , and `` couples retreat '' . also , he is known for his role as wendell wilcox on `` the parent 'hood '' from 1995-1998 . maurice starr on bet 's `` the new edition story '' . 
adam darius ( 10 may 1930 – 3 december 2017 ) was an american dancer , mime artist , writer and choreographer . as a performer , he appeared in over 86 countries across six continents . as a writer , he published 19 books and wrote 22 plays.in a program devoted to his career , the bbc world service described him as `` one of the most exceptional talents of the 20th century '' . 
conan the indomitable is a fantasy novel by american writer steve perry , featuring robert e. howard 's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian . it was first published in trade paperback by tor books in october 1989 ; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in september 1990 . 
on the morning of saturday , january 13 , 2018 , a ballistic missile alert was issued via the emergency alert system and commercial mobile alert system over television , radio , and cellphones in the state of hawaii . the alert stated that there was an incoming ballistic missile threat to hawaii , advised residents to seek shelter , and concluded : `` this is not a drill '' . the message was sent at 8:07 a.m. local time . civil defense outdoor warning sirens were authorized and sounded by the state.thirty-eight minutes later , state officials blamed a miscommunication during a drill at the hawaii emergency management agency for the first message . governor david ige publicly apologized for the erroneous alert . the federal communications commission and the hawaii house of representatives launched investigations into the incident , leading to the resignation of the state 's emergency management administrator . 
hubbard is a city in trumbull county , ohio , united states . it is formed from part of hubbard township , which was formed from the connecticut western reserve . the population was 7,874 at the 2010 census . it is part of the youngstown-warren-boardman , oh-pa metropolitan statistical area . 
velvalea hortense rodgers `` vel '' phillips ( february 18 , 1923 – april 17 , 2018 ) was an american attorney , politician , jurist , and civil rights activist , who served as an alderperson and judge in milwaukee , wisconsin and as secretary of state of wisconsin ( 1978-1982 ) , often as the first woman and/or african-american in her position . she was the first african american woman to graduate from the university of wisconsin law school ; the first african american , as well as the first woman , elected alderwoman to the milwaukee common council ; and the first african american , as well as the first woman , to serve as a jurist in wisconsin . 
denison dam , also known as lake texoma dam , is a dam located on the red river between texas and oklahoma that impounds lake texoma . the purpose of the dam is flood control , water supply , hydroelectric power production , river regulation , navigation and recreation . 
malta is the largest of the three major islands that constitute the maltese archipelago . it is sometimes referred to as valletta for statistical purposes to distinguish the main island from the entire country . malta is in the middle of the mediterranean sea directly south of italy and north of libya . the island is long and wide , with a total area of . the capital is valletta , while the largest locality is birkirkara . the island is made up of many small towns , which together form one larger urban zone with a population of 409,259 . the landscape is characterised by low hills with terraced fields . 
the term punch refers to a wide assortment of drinks , both non-alcoholic and alcoholic , generally containing fruit or fruit juice . the drink was introduced from india to the united kingdom by sailors and employees of the british east india company . punch is usually served at parties in large , wide bowls , known as `` punch bowls '' .in the u.s. , federal regulations provide the word `` punch '' to describe commercial beverage products that do `` not '' contain fruit or fruit juice . the term is used to label artificially flavored beverages , with or without natural flavorings , which do not contain fruit juice or concentrate in significant proportions . thus a product labeled as `` fruit punch '' may contain no fruit ingredients at all . 
lauderdale county is a county located in the northwestern corner of the u.s. state of alabama . as of the 2010 census the population was 92,709 . its county seat is florence . its name is in honor of colonel james lauderdale , of tennessee . lauderdale is part of the florence-muscle shoals , al metropolitan statistical area , also known as `` the shoals '' . 
gaithersburg ( ) , officially the city of gaithersburg , is a city in montgomery county , maryland , united states . at the time of the 2010 u.s. census , gaithersburg had a population of 59,933 , making it the fourth-largest incorporated city in the state , behind baltimore , frederick , and rockville . gaithersburg is located to the northwest of washington , and is considered a suburb and a primary city within the washington–arlington–alexandria , dc–va–md–wv metropolitan statistical area . gaithersburg was incorporated as a town in 1878 and as a city in 1968.gaithersburg is divided into east and west sections , separated by interstate 270 . the eastern section of the city is older and is the original portion of the town before more recent growth . landmarks and buildings from that time can still be seen in many places but especially in the historic central business district of gaithersburg called `` olde towne '' . the east side also includes lakeforest mall , city hall , and the montgomery county fair grounds , and bohrer park ( a well-known joint community recreation center and outdoor water park for kids and families ) . the west side of the city has many wealthier neighborhoods that were designed with smart growth techniques and embrace new urbanism . these include the award-winning kentlands community , the lakelands community , and the washingtonian center ( better known as rio ) , a popular shopping/business district . consumers often come to this area during black friday and other shopping holidays for the deals and variety of huge brand name stores like target and dick 's sporting goods , and smaller stores like francesca 's and blue mercury . two new urbanism communities are under construction , including watkins mill town center ( casey east and west ) , and the massive `` science city '' . the state has a bus rapid transit line , corridor cities transitway or `` cct '' , planned for the western portion of the city starting at shady grove metro station and connecting all the high density western gaithersburg neighborhoods with a total of eight stops planned in the city.the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) is headquartered in gaithersburg directly west of i-270 . other major employers in the city include ibm , lockheed martin information systems and global services business area headquarters , astrazeneca , and the french multinational corporation , sodexo . gaithersburg is also the location of the garrison of the u.s. army reserve 's 220th military police brigade.gaithersburg is noted for its ethnic and economic diversity ; wallethub in 2016 ranked it first among the 313 largest u.s. cities for ethnic diversity and second for social class diversity . 
gerrit jan van heuven goedhart ( 19 march 1901 – 8 july 1956 ) was a dutch politician and diplomat of the labour party ( pvda ) and journalist . he served as first united nations high commissioner for refugees from 1 january 1951 until 8 july 1956 . 
william goldman ( august 12 , 1931 – november 16 , 2018 ) was an american novelist , playwright , and screenwriter . he first came to prominence in the 1950s as a novelist before turning to screenwriting . he won academy awards for his screenplays `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' ( 1969 ) and `` all the president 's men '' ( 1976 ) . his other works include his thriller novel `` marathon man '' and his cult classic comedy/fantasy novel `` the princess bride '' , both of which he also adapted for the film versions.author sean egan has described goldman as `` one of the late twentieth century 's most popular storytellers . '' 
bert jerome harris jr. ( december 9 , 1919 – may 19 , 2019 ) was an american politician and farmer in the state of florida.harris was born in warwick , georgia and moved to florida in 1926 . he attended the university of florida , graduating in agriculture . harris was also a veteran of world war ii , serving in the united states army air corps in the pacific theater he served in the florida house of representatives from 1982 to 1996 for district 77 . he was a member of the democratic party . harris lived in lake placid , florida where he was a citrus farmer . he died on may 19 , 2019 at the age of 99 . 
harold allan clarke ( born 5 april 1942 , salford , lancashire , england ) is an english pop rock singer , who was one of the founding members and the original lead singer of the hollies . with the hollies , clarke achieved international hit singles and is credited as co-writer on several of the band 's best known songs including `` on a carousel '' , `` carrie anne '' , `` jennifer eccles '' and `` long cool woman in a black dress '' . he retired from performing in 1999 , but returned to the music industry in 2019 . clarke was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 2010 . 
shirley deane ( born shirley deane blattenberger ; march 16 , 1913 – april 26 , 1983 ) was an american film actress.born to jesse h. blattenberger and his wife zola ( née redden ) , she was raised by her maternal grandmother.she was best known as an actress for playing `` bonnie jones '' in 20th century fox 's jones family series of films . 
steele county is a county in the u.s. state of north dakota . as of the 2010 united states census , the population was 1,975 . its county seat since 1919 is finley . 
faridabad is the most populous city in the indian state of haryana . it is a leading industrial centre and is situated in the national capital region bordering the indian capital new delhi . it is one of the major satellite cities of delhi and is located 284 kilometres south of the state capital chandigarh . the river yamuna forms the eastern district boundary with uttar pradesh . the government of india included it in the second list of smart cities mission on 24 may 2016 . faridabad has been described as the eighth fastest growing city in the world and the third in india by the city mayors foundation survey . as per the 2001 delhi regional plan , faridabad is part of the delhi metropolitan area ( dma ) .the newly developed residential and industrial part of faridabad ( sec . 66 to 89 ) between the agra canal and the yamuna river is commonly referred to as greater faridabad . the area is being developed as a self-sustained sub-city with wide roads , tall buildings , malls , educational institutions , and health and commercial centers . sectors 66 to 74 are industrial sectors , while sectors 75 to 89 are residential sectors.faridabad is a major industrial hub of haryana . 50 % of the income tax collected in haryana is from faridabad and gurgaon . faridabad is famous for henna production from the agricultural sector , while tractors , motorcycles , switch gears , refrigerators , shoes , tyres and garments constitute its primary industrial products.in 2018 , faridabad was considered by the world health organization as the world 's second most polluted city.faridabad has been selected as one of the hundred indian cities to be developed as a smart city under government of india 's flagship smart cities mission by ministry of urban development .  
jay montgomery garner ( born april 15 , 1938 ) is a retired united states army lieutenant general who was appointed in 2003 as director of the office for reconstruction and humanitarian assistance for iraq following the 2003 invasion of iraq but was soon replaced by ambassador paul bremer and the ambassador 's successor organization to orha , the coalition provisional authority ( cpa ) . 
osmoderma eremita , the hermit beetle or russian leather beetle , is a species of european beetle in the family scarabaeidae . adults reach between 28 and 32 mm in length . 
samii 's riffle minnow ( `` alburnoides samiii '' ) is a species of freshwater fish in the family cyprinidae . it is endemic to the sefidroud river drainage in iran . 
siris is a `` comune '' ( municipality ) in the province of oristano in the italian region sardinia , located about northwest of cagliari and about southeast of oristano . as of 31 december 2004 , it had a population of 235 and an area of .siris borders the following municipalities : masullas , morgongiori , pompu . 
kongur tagh or kongkoerh ( uyghur : , коңур тағ , meaning `` brown mountain '' ; , `` hongor tag '' ; ; also referred to as kongur ) , is at 7,649 m the highest mountain wholly within the xinjiang uyghur autonomous region , china . 
lee edwards ( born 1932 ) is an american distinguished fellow in conservative thought at the b. kenneth simon center for american studies at the heritage foundation . a historian of the conservative movement in america , he is the author or editor of 25 books , including biographies of president ronald reagan , senator barry goldwater , attorney general edwin meese iii and william f. buckley jr . he is currently the chairman of the victims of communism memorial foundation . 
golden age of radio is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter josh ritter . it was ritter 's first album to be released nationally after he was signed to signature sounds . according to his official website , `` golden age of radio '' was originally self-released in 2001 and passed out at shows . this self-pressed version contained a different , solo version of the title track called `` country song , '' different mastering , and a different track order . 
big league chew is a brand of bubble gum that is shredded and packaged in an aluminum foil pouch . it was created by portland mavericks left-handed pitcher rob nelson and bat boy todd field then pitched to the wrigley company ( longtime owners of the chicago cubs ) by fellow maverick and former new york yankee all-star jim bouton as a fun imitation of the tobacco-chewing habit common among ballplayers in the 1970s . over 800 million pouches of big league chew have been sold since 1980 . big league chew was introduced in may 1980 , in the traditional pink color already seen in established brands of bubble gum . the cartoony packaging , originally designed by artist bill mayer , comes in flashy colors such as neon green ( for their sour apple flavor ) and bright purple ( grape flavor ) .currently , it is manufactured in the us by ford gum & machine company in akron , ny , after taking over distribution rights from wrigley and moving production from mexico at the end of 2010.the original advertising slogan throughout the 1980s , which is still featured today , was , `` you 're in the big leagues when you 're into big league chew ! '' it currently bills itself as `` the hall of fame bubble gum , '' bearing an official endorsement from the baseball hall of fame . 
on 14 october 2017 , two truck bombings took place in mogadishu , the capital of somalia , killing at least 587 people and injuring 316 others . almost all of the casualties were caused by one of the trucks , which detonated when the driver , while attempting to escape from security officials , crashed through a barrier and exploded in the hodan district , destroying a hotel ; the intended target of the attack is believed to have been a secure compound housing international agencies and troops . the second blast happened close by , killing two people . a third explosives-laden truck was captured by police.though no organisation claimed responsibility , officials stated that a key member of the cell that carried it out told them islamist group al-shabaab was responsible.the attack is the deadliest in somalia 's history , surpassing the 2011 mogadishu bombing that killed 100 people , and the deadliest bombing in africa . it is also the third deadliest terrorist bombing attack and the sixth-deadliest act of terrorism in modern history , surpassed only by the 1990 massacre of sri lankan police officers in sri lanka , the 2008 christmas massacres in the democratic republic of the congo , 2007 yazidi communities bombings , the 2014 camp speicher massacre in iraq , and the september 11 attacks in the united states . in response to the bombings , somali president mohamed abdullahi mohamed declared three days of mourning . 
celtic punk is punk rock mixed with traditional celtic music.celtic punk bands often play traditional irish , welsh or scottish folk and political songs , as well as original compositions . common themes in celtic punk music include politics , celtic culture and identity , heritage , religion , drinking and working class pride.the genre was popularized in the 1980s by the pogues.the term `` celtic punk '' is usually used to describe bands who base their music in irish or scottish traditional music . it is considered part of the broader folk punk genre , but that term tends to be used for bands that use english , american and other forms of folk music as inspiration.the typical celtic punk band includes a rock instrumentation as well as traditional instruments such as bagpipes , fiddle , tin whistle , accordion , mandolin , and banjo . like celtic rock , celtic punk is a form of celtic fusion . 
tallulah brockman bankhead ( january 31 , 1902 – december 12 , 1968 ) was an american actress of the stage and screen . bankhead was a member of the brockman bankhead family , a prominent alabama political family ; her grandfather and uncle were us senators and her father served as an 11-term member of congress , the final two as speaker of the house of representatives . tallulah 's support of liberal causes such as civil rights broke with the tendency of the southern democrats to support a more typically aligned agenda , and she often opposed her own family publicly.primarily an actress of the stage , bankhead did have one hit film—alfred hitchcock 's `` lifeboat '' ( 1944 ) —as well as a brief but successful career on radio . she later made appearances on television as well.in her personal life , bankhead struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction , smoked around 120 cigarettes per day , and was known for her promiscuous sex life with both men and women ; bankhead also openly talked about her vices . she supported foster children and helped families escape the spanish civil war and world war ii . she was inducted into the american theater hall of fame in 1972 , and the alabama women 's hall of fame in 1981 . upon her death , bankhead had amassed nearly 300 film , stage , television , and radio roles . 
josip elic ( march 10 , 1921 – october 21 , 2019 ) was an american character actor . he was best known for his role as bancini in `` one flew over the cuckoo 's nest '' . 
bruce king ( april 6 , 1924 – november 13 , 2009 ) was an american businessman and politician who served three non-consecutive four-year terms as the governor of new mexico . a member of the democratic party , he was the longest-serving governor in new mexico history , with 12 years of service . 
paws , inc. ( also known as paws incorporated ) is an american comic studio and production company owned by the children 's cable network nickelodeon , a division of viacomcbs . it was founded by american cartoonist jim davis to support the `` garfield '' series , comic strips and its licensing . it is located in muncie , indiana and has a staff of nearly 50 artists and licensing administrators . the current building was established in nearby albany in 1989 , relocated from davis 's own farm.in 1994 , the company purchased all rights to the `` garfield '' comic strips from 1978 to 1993 from united feature syndicate , although united still holds the original black-and-white daily strips and original color sunday strips . the full-color daily strips and recolored sunday strips are copyrighted to paws as they are considered a different product . the strip is currently distributed by universal uclick , while rights for the strip remain with paws , inc.in august 2019 , viacom purchased paws , inc. , including global merchandising and existing licensees and put it under its nickelodeon banner . jim davis will continue to draw the comic strip for newspapers and universal uclick . 
anthony is an incorporated town in el paso county , texas , united states . the population was 5,011 at the 2010 census . as of july 1 , 2018 , the population estimate for the town from the u.s. census was 5,655 . it is the first town encountered in texas when traveling eastbound on interstate 10 from new mexico . 
alison rosamund king ( born 3 march 1973 ) is an english actress and model . she has had television roles as lynda block in the sky one drama series `` dream team '' , and in `` coronation street '' as mrs. fanshaw and later as carla connor . she won best actress at the 2012 british soap awards.king is considered by the press as a british sex symbol . 
ukiah is a small town in umatilla county , oregon , united states . the population was 186 at the 2010 census . it is part of the hermiston-pendleton micropolitan statistical area . it was named by an early settler after the town of ukiah , california.ukiah is tied with seneca , in grant county , for the coldest official temperature in oregon . ukiah dropped to on february 9 , 1933 , during a major cold snap across siberia and north america . on february 10 , seneca also hit −54 °f , so the national weather service gives seneca the record because it had the most recent occurrence of that temperature . 
merion station ( also known as merion ) is an unincorporated community in pennsylvania , united states , bordering philadelphia to the city 's west . it is one of the communities that make up the philadelphia main line , and is part of the municipality of lower merion township , montgomery county . merion station is known for its grand mansions and for the wealth of its residents.merion station is contiguous to the overbrook and overbrook park neighborhoods of philadelphia and is also bordered by lower merion township 's unincorporated communities of wynnewood and bala cynwyd , and the borough of narberth . 
hof or hof may refer to : 
lumpkin was an unincorporated community in butte county , california . it was located north-northwest of clipper mills on the feather river railway , at an elevation of 3586 feet ( 1093 m ) . it was the site of a major lumber mill , producing 3,5 million board feet per year in the late 1880s . a post office operated at lumpkin from 1886 to 1919 . 
professor charles francis xavier ( colloquial : professor x ) is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . the character is depicted as the founder and sometimes leader of the x-men . created by writer stan lee and artist jack kirby , the character first appeared in `` the x-men '' # 1 ( september 1963 ) .xavier is a member of a subspecies of humans known as mutants , who are born with superhuman abilities . he is an exceptionally powerful telepath , who can read and control the minds of others . to both shelter and train mutants from around the world , he runs a private school in the x-mansion in salem center , located in westchester county , new york . xavier also strives to serve a greater good by promoting peaceful coexistence and equality between humans and mutants in a world where zealous anti-mutant bigotry is widespread.throughout much of the character 's history in comics , xavier is a paraplegic variously using either a wheelchair or a modified version of one . one of the world 's most powerful mutant telepaths , xavier is a scientific genius and a leading authority in genetics . furthermore , he has shown noteworthy talents in devising equipment to greatly enhance psionic powers . xavier is perhaps best known in this regard for the creation of a device called cerebro , a technology that serves to detect and track those individuals possessing the mutant gene , at the same time greatly expanding the gifts of those with existing psionic abilities.from a social policy and philosophical perspective , xavier deeply resents the violent methods of those like his former close friend and occasional enemy , the supervillain magneto . instead , he has presented his platform of uncompromising pacifism to see his dream to fruition – one that seeks to live harmoniously alongside humanity , just the same as it desires full-fledged civil rights and equality for all mutants . xavier 's actions and goals in life have therefore often been compared to those of martin luther king jr. for his involvement with the american civil rights struggle , whereas magneto is often compared with the more militant civil rights activist malcolm x.the character 's creation and development occurred simultaneously with the civil rights struggle , taking place in the 1960s , while xavier 's first appearance dates to 1963 . the fictionalized plight in the comics of mutantkind faced with exceptional intolerance and prejudice was done in large part to better illustrate to audiences of the day what was transpiring across the united states , just the same as it also served to further promote ideals of tolerance and equality for all.patrick stewart portrayed the character in the first four films in the `` x-men '' film series and in various video games , while james mcavoy portrayed a younger version of the character in the 2011 prequel `` '' . both actors reprised the role in the film `` '' . mcavoy reprised the role in `` '' , and stewart in `` logan '' . mcavoy made a cameo in `` deadpool 2 '' and reprised his role in `` dark phoenix '' . harry lloyd portrayed the character in the third season of the television series `` legion '' . 
the absheron economic region is located in the eastern part of the republic of azerbaijan and comprises baku and sumgait cities and the absheron and khizi districts . the eastern part of the economic region is located on the shores of the caspian sea , which has positive effects on the economy of the region.absheron economic region covers an area of 3,290 square kilometers , constituting approximately 3,9 % of the territory of azerbaijan ( excluding the city of baku ) , and there are approximately 568,000 people as of the beginning of january 2018 ( also excluding baku ) . population density was 103 people per square km of land area . 
tibesti region ( ) is a region of chad , located in far northwest of the country . its capital is bardaï . it was created in 2008 when the former borkou-ennedi-tibesti region was split into three , with the tibesti department becoming the tibesti region . the region is named for the tibesti mountains , one of the most prominent mountain chains in the sahara desert . 
a respiratory droplet is a small aqueous droplet produced by exhalation , consisting of saliva or mucus and other matter derived from respiratory tract surfaces . droplet sizes range from < 5 µm to 1000 µm . large droplets ( larger than about 100 µm , but depending on conditions ) fall to the ground or another surface before drying , but smaller ones fall slowly and dry so quickly that they usually become aerosolized particles . respiratory droplets can be produced naturally as a result of breathing , talking , sneezing , coughing , or vomiting , or can be artificially generated through aerosol-generating medical procedures . since droplets can contain infectious bacterial cells or virus particles they are important factors in the transmission of respiratory diseases . 
dierfeld is an `` ortsgemeinde '' – a municipality belonging to a `` verbandsgemeinde '' , a kind of collective municipality – in the bernkastel-wittlich district in rhineland-palatinate , germany . among germany’s smallest municipalities , it holds second place . 
the film stars toshiro mifune as a young man who gets a prominent position in a corrupt postwar japanese company in order to expose the men responsible for his father 's death . it has its roots in shakespeare 's `` hamlet , '' while also doubling as a critique of corporate corruption . along with `` stray dog '' ( 1949 ) and `` high and low '' ( 1963 ) , it is one of three films in which kurosawa explores the film noir genre . 
the elbow bump is an informal greeting where two people touch elbows . interest in this greeting was renewed during the avian flu scare of 2006 , the 2009 swine flu pandemic , the ebola outbreak of 2014 , and the covid-19 pandemic when health officials supported its use as an alternative to hand-shaking to reduce the spread of germs . during the latter pandemic , authorities advised that even an elbow bump was too risky , and suggested greeting from a distance . 
nooksack ( ) is a city in whatcom county , washington , close to the border with canada . the population was 1,338 at the 2010 census . this town shares nooksack valley school district with sumas and everson.the town is just a handful of buildings built around the highway that runs through it . the post office lost its official status in 1992 ( and is now a department of neighboring town , everson ) , but still exists across from a small city park . the usps has since closed the remote office . other noticeable remains are the two gas stations and several churches . it has no major geographic features except a small creek on the edge of town , near a cemetery containing many old graves.nooksack contracts their police and sewer services through the nearby city of everson . 
weighed but found wanting ( filipino : tinimbang ka ngunit kulang ; also known as human imperfections ) is a 1974 filipino drama film directed by lino brocka . the films stars christopher de leon ( in his debut role ) , hilda koronel , lolita rodriguez and eddie garcia . considered one of brocka 's most important films , it won six awards ( including best picture ) at the 23rd famas awards in 1975 . 
the hereditary peers form part of the peerage in the united kingdom . as of 2020 there are 814 hereditary peers : 31 dukes ( including 7 royal dukes ) , 34 marquesses , 193 earls , 112 viscounts , and 444 barons ( disregarding subsidiary titles ) .not all hereditary titles are titles of the peerage . for instance , baronets and baronetesses may pass on their titles , but they are not peers . conversely , the holder of a non-hereditary title may belong to the peerage , as with life peers . peerages may be created by means of letters patent , but the granting of new hereditary peerages has largely dwindled ; only seven hereditary peers have been created after 1965 , four of them members of the british royal family.from 1963 to 1999 , all non-irish peers were entitled to sit in the house of lords , but since the house of lords act 1999 was passed , only 92 are permitted to do so , unless they are also life peers . peers are called to the house of lords with a writ of summons . 
gerard milton earnhart ( april 1 , 1918 – june 6 , 2020 ) was an american politician and former broadcast journalist . he was a democratic member of the arkansas house of representatives and arkansas senate from the years of 1959 to 1980 . 
navajo or navaho ( ; navajo : or ) is a southern athabaskan language of the na-dené family , through which it is related to languages spoken across the western areas of north america . navajo is spoken primarily in the southwestern united states , especially in the navajo nation . it is one of the most widely spoken native american languages and is the most widely spoken north of the mexico–united states border , with almost 170,000 americans speaking navajo at home as of 2011 . the language has struggled to keep a healthy speaker base , although this problem has been alleviated to some extent by extensive education programs in the navajo nation.the language has a fairly large phoneme inventory ; it includes several uncommon consonants that are not found in english . its four basic vowels are distinguished for nasality , length , and tone . it has both agglutinative and fusional elements : it relies on affixes to modify verbs , and nouns are typically created from multiple morphemes , but in both cases these morphemes are fused irregularly and beyond easy recognition . basic word order is subject–object–verb , though it is highly flexible to pragmatic factors . verbs are conjugated for aspect and mood , and given affixes for the person and number of both subjects and objects , as well as a host of other variables.the language 's orthography , which was developed in the late 1930s after a series of prior attempts , is based on the latin script . most navajo vocabulary is athabaskan in origin , as the language has been conservative with loanwords since its early stages . 
matthew james moy ( born february 3 , 1984 ) is an american actor and artist . he co-starred as han lee on the cbs sitcom `` 2 broke girls '' and provides the voice of lars barriga on `` steven universe '' and `` steven universe future '' . 
in astronomy , axial tilt , also known as obliquity , is the angle between an object 's rotational axis and its orbital axis , or , equivalently , the angle between its equatorial plane and orbital plane . it differs from orbital inclination.at an obliquity of 0 degrees , the two axes point in the same direction ; ie , the rotational axis is perpendicular to the orbital plane . earth 's obliquity oscillates between 22,1 and 24,5 degrees on a 41,000-year cycle . based on a continuously updated formula , earth 's mean obliquity is currently and decreasing.over the course of an orbital period , the obliquity usually does not change considerably , and the orientation of the axis remains the same relative to the background of stars . this causes one pole to be directed more toward the sun on one side of the orbit , and the other pole on the other side—the cause of the seasons on earth .  
in physics , optical depth or optical thickness is the natural logarithm of the ratio of `` incident '' to `` transmitted '' radiant power through a material , and spectral optical depth or spectral optical thickness is the natural logarithm of the ratio of incident to transmitted spectral radiant power through a material . optical depth is dimensionless , and in particular is not a length , though it is a monotonically increasing function of optical path length , and approaches zero as the path length approaches zero . the use of the term `` optical density '' for optical depth is discouraged.in chemistry , a closely related quantity called `` absorbance '' or `` decadic absorbance '' is used instead of optical depth : the `` common logarithm '' of the ratio of incident to `` transmitted '' radiant power through a material , that is the optical depth divided by ln 10 . 
ratliff city is a town in carter county , oklahoma , united states . the population was 120 at the 2010 census . ratliff city was named for ollie ratliff , owner of a local garage . it is part of the ardmore , oklahoma micropolitan statistical area . 
samuel barclay beckett ( ; 13 april 1906 – 22 december 1989 ) was an irish novelist , playwright , short story writer , theatre director , poet , and literary translator . a resident of paris for most of his adult life , he wrote in both french and english.beckett 's work offers a bleak , tragi-comic outlook on human existence , often coupled with black comedy and gallows humour , and became increasingly minimalist in his later career . he is considered one of the last modernist writers , and one of the key figures in what martin esslin called the `` theatre of the absurd '' . his most well known work is his 1953 play `` waiting for godot '' .beckett was awarded the 1969 nobel prize in literature `` for his writing , which—in new forms for the novel and drama—in the destitution of modern man acquires its elevation . '' he was elected saoi of aosdána in 1984 .
mechanics ( greek ) is the area of physics concerned with the motions of macroscopic objects . forces applied to objects result in displacements , or changes of an object 's position relative to its environment.this branch of physics has its origins in ancient greece with the writings of aristotle and archimedes ( see history of classical mechanics and timeline of classical mechanics ) . during the early modern period , scientists such as galileo , kepler , and newton laid the foundation for what is now known as classical mechanics.it is a branch of classical physics that deals with particles that are either at rest or are moving with velocities significantly less than the speed of light.it can also be defined as a branch of science which deals with the motion of and forces on bodies not in the quantum realm . the field is today less widely understood in terms of quantum theory .
huascarán ( ) ( quechua : waskaran ) or mataraju is a mountain in the peruvian province of yungay ( ancash region ) , situated in the cordillera blanca range of the western andes . the highest southern summit of huascarán ( huascarán sur ) is the highest point in peru , the northern part of andes ( north of lake titicaca ) and in all of the earth 's tropics . huascarán is the fourth highest mountain in the western hemisphere and south america after aconcagua , ojos del salado , and monte pissis . 
in machine learning , backpropagation ( backprop , bp ) is a widely used algorithm in training feedforward neural networks for supervised learning . generalizations of backpropagation exist for other artificial neural networks ( anns ) , and for functions generally – a class of algorithms referred to generically as `` backpropagation '' . in fitting a neural network , backpropagation computes the gradient of the loss function with respect to the weights of the network for a single input–output example , and does so efficiently , unlike a naive direct computation of the gradient with respect to each weight individually . this efficiency makes it feasible to use gradient methods for training multilayer networks , updating weights to minimize loss ; gradient descent , or variants such as stochastic gradient descent , are commonly used . the backpropagation algorithm works by computing the gradient of the loss function with respect to each weight by the chain rule , computing the gradient one layer at a time , iterating backward from the last layer to avoid redundant calculations of intermediate terms in the chain rule ; this is an example of dynamic programming.the term `` backpropagation '' strictly refers only to the algorithm for computing the gradient , not how the gradient is used ; but the term is often used loosely to refer to the entire learning algorithm , including how the gradient is used , such as by stochastic gradient descent . backpropagation generalizes the gradient computation in the delta rule , which is the single-layer version of backpropagation , and is in turn generalized by automatic differentiation , where backpropagation is a special case of reverse accumulation ( or `` reverse mode '' ) . the term `` backpropagation '' and its general use in neural networks was announced in , then elaborated and popularized in , but the technique was independently rediscovered many times , and had many predecessors dating to the 1960s ; see . a modern overview is given in the deep learning textbook by . 
a preamplifier ( preamp or `` pre '' ) is an electronic amplifier that converts a weak electrical signal into an output signal strong enough to be noise-tolerant and strong enough for further processing , or for sending to a power amplifier and a loudspeaker . without this , the final signal would be noisy or distorted . they are typically used to amplify signals from analog sensors such as microphones and pickups . because of this , the preamplifier is often placed close to the sensor to reduce the effects of noise and interference . 
feng shui ( ) , also known as chinese geomancy , is a traditional practice originating from ancient china , which claims to use energy forces to harmonize individuals with their surrounding environment . the term `` feng shui '' literally translates as `` wind-water '' in english . this is a cultural shorthand taken from the passage of the now-lost book of burial recorded in guo pu 's commentary.feng shui is one of the five arts of chinese metaphysics , classified as physiognomy ( observation of appearances through formulas and calculations ) . the feng shui practice discusses architecture in terms of `` invisible forces '' that bind the universe , earth , and humanity together , known as `` qi '' .historically , feng shui was widely used to orient buildings—often spiritually significant structures such as tombs , but also dwellings and other structures—in an auspicious manner . depending on the particular style of feng shui being used , an auspicious site could be determined by reference to local features such as bodies of water , stars , or the compass . 
war is an intense armed conflict between states , governments , societies , or paramilitary groups such as mercenaries , insurgents and militias . it is generally characterized by extreme violence , aggression , destruction , and mortality , using regular or irregular military forces . warfare refers to the common activities and characteristics of types of war , or of wars in general . total war is warfare that is not restricted to purely legitimate military targets , and can result in massive civilian or other non-combatant suffering and casualties.the scholarly study of war is sometimes called polemology ( ) , from the greek `` polemos '' , meaning `` war '' , and `` -logy '' , meaning `` the study of '' .while some scholars see war as a universal and ancestral aspect of human nature , others argue it is a result of specific socio-cultural , economic or ecological circumstances .
the western bloc , also known as the capitalist bloc , was a coalition of countries that were allied with the united states , a member of nato , and/or opposed the soviet union and the warsaw pact during the cold war . the latter were referred to as the eastern bloc . the governments and press of the western bloc were more inclined to refer to themselves as the `` free world '' or the `` western world '' , whereas the eastern bloc was often called the `` communist world or second world '' .since the end of the cold war , until recently , further escalation between china and russia became tense since the nato bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 , such as the conflicts in the middle east ( particularly in iran , syria and yemen ) , venezuela and ukraine . 
nicaragua ( ; ) , officially the republic of nicaragua ( ) , is the largest country in the central american isthmus , bordered by honduras to the northwest , the caribbean to the east , costa rica to the south , and the pacific ocean to the southwest . managua is the country 's capital and largest city and is also the third-largest city in central america , behind tegucigalpa and guatemala city . the multi-ethnic population of six million includes people of indigenous , european , african , and asian heritage . the main language is spanish . indigenous tribes on the mosquito coast speak their own languages and english.originally inhabited by various indigenous cultures since ancient times , the region was conquered by the spanish empire in the 16th century . nicaragua gained independence from spain in 1821 . the mosquito coast followed a different historical path , being colonized by the english in the 17th century and later coming under british rule . it became an autonomous territory of nicaragua in 1860 and its northernmost part was transferred to honduras in 1960 . since its independence , nicaragua has undergone periods of political unrest , dictatorship , occupation and fiscal crisis , including the nicaraguan revolution of the 1960s and 1970s and the contra war of the 1980s.the mixture of cultural traditions has generated substantial diversity in folklore , cuisine , music , and literature , particularly the latter , given the literary contributions of nicaraguan poets and writers such as rubén darío . known as the `` land of lakes and volcanoes '' , nicaragua is also home to the second-largest rainforest of the americas . the biological diversity , warm tropical climate and active volcanoes make nicaragua an increasingly popular tourist destination .
ronaldo de assis moreira ( born 21 march 1980 ) , commonly known as ronaldinho gaúcho ( ) or simply ronaldinho , is a brazilian former professional footballer and ambassador for barcelona . he played mostly as an attacking midfielder , but was also deployed as a forward or a winger . often considered one of the best players of his generation and regarded by many as one of the greatest of all time , ronaldinho won two fifa world player of the year awards and a ballon d'or . he was renowned for his technical skills and creativity ; due to his agility , pace anddribbling ability , as well as his use of tricks , feints , overhead kicks , no-look passes and accuracy from free-kicks.ronaldinho made his career debut for grêmio , in 1998 . at age 20 , he moved to paris saint-germain in france before signing for barcelona in 2003 . in his second season with barcelona , he won his first fifa world player of the year award , as barcelona won the 2004–05 la liga title . the season that followed is considered one of the best in his career as he was integral in barcelona winning the uefa champions league , their first in fourteen years , as well as another la liga title , giving ronaldinho his first career double . after scoring two spectacular solo goals in the first 2005-06 `` el clásico '' , ronaldinho became the second barcelona player , after diego maradona in 1983 , to receive a standing ovation from real madrid fans at the santiago bernabéu . ronaldinho also received his second fifa world player of the year award , as well as the ballon d'or.following a second-place la liga finish to rivals real madrid in the 2006–07 season and an injury plagued 2007–08 season , ronaldinho departed barcelona to join milan . he then returned to brazil to play for flamengo in 2011 and atlético mineiro a year later where he won the copa libertadores , before moving to mexico to play for querétaro and then back to brazil to play for fluminense in 2015 . ronaldinho accumulated numerous other individual awards in his career . he was included in the uefa team of the year and the fifa world xi three times , named uefa club footballer of the year in 2006 and the south american footballer of the year in 2013 , and was named in the fifa 100 , a list of the world 's greatest living players compiled by pelé.at international level , ronaldinho played 97 matches for the brazil national team , scoring 33 goals and representing his country in two fifa world cups . he was an integral part of the 2002 fifa world cup-winning team in korea and japan , starring alongside ronaldo and rivaldo in an attacking trio , and being named in the fifa world cup all-star team . as captain , he led brazil to their second fifa confederations cup title in 2005 and was named man of the match in the final . ronaldinho scored three goals in the tournament , taking his total to nine , making him the competition 's joint all-time leading goalscorer .
a cone is a three-dimensional geometric shape that tapers smoothly from a flat base ( frequently , though not necessarily , circular ) to a point called the apex or vertex.a cone is formed by a set of line segments , half-lines , or lines connecting a common point , the apex , to all of the points on a base that is in a plane that does not contain the apex . depending on the author , the base may be restricted to be a circle , any one-dimensional quadratic form in the plane , any closed one-dimensional figure , or any of the above plus all the enclosed points . if the enclosed points are included in the base , the cone is a solid object ; otherwise it is a two-dimensional object in three-dimensional space . in the case of a solid object , the boundary formed by these lines or partial lines is called the `` lateral surface '' ; if the lateral surface is unbounded , it is a conical surface.in the case of line segments , the cone does not extend beyond the base , while in the case of half-lines , it extends infinitely far . in the case of lines , the cone extends infinitely far in both directions from the apex , in which case it is sometimes called a `` double cone '' . either half of a double cone on one side of the apex is called a `` nappe '' .the axis of a cone is the straight line ( if any ) , passing through the apex , about which the base ( and the whole cone ) has a circular symmetry.in common usage in elementary geometry , cones are assumed to be right circular , where `` circular '' means that the base is a circle and `` right '' means that the axis passes through the centre of the base at right angles to its plane . if the cone is right circular the intersection of a plane with the lateral surface is a conic section . in general , however , the base may be any shape and the apex may lie anywhere ( though it is usually assumed that the base is bounded and therefore has finite area , and that the apex lies outside the plane of the base ) . contrasted with right cones are oblique cones , in which the axis passes through the centre of the base non-perpendicularly.a cone with a polygonal base is called a pyramid.depending on the context , `` cone '' may also mean specifically a convex cone or a projective cone.cones can also be generalized to higher dimensions .
graphic design is the process of visual communication and problem-solving through the use of typography , photography , iconography and illustration . the field is considered a subset of visual communication and communication design , but sometimes the term `` graphic design '' is used synonymously . graphic designers create and combine symbols , images and text to form visual representations of ideas and messages.they use typography , visual arts , and page layout techniques to create visual compositions . common applications of graphic design include corporate design ( logos and branding ) , editorial design ( magazines , newspapers and books ) , wayfinding or environmental design , advertising , web design , communication design , product packaging , and signage . 
a thesis or dissertation is a document submitted in support of candidature for an academic degree or professional qualification presenting the author 's research and findings . in some contexts , the word `` thesis '' or a cognate is used for part of a bachelor 's or master 's course , while `` dissertation '' is normally applied to a doctorate , while in other contexts , the reverse is true . the term graduate thesis is sometimes used to refer to both master 's theses and doctoral dissertations.the required complexity or quality of research of a thesis or dissertation can vary by country , university , or program , and the required minimum study period may thus vary significantly in duration.the word `` dissertation '' can at times be used to describe a treatise without relation to obtaining an academic degree . the term `` thesis '' is also used to refer to the general claim of an essay or similar work . 
a nature reserve ( also known as a natural reserve , wildlife refuge , wildlife sanctuary , biosphere reserve or bioreserve , natural or nature preserve , or nature conservation area ) , is a protected area of importance for flora , fauna , or features of geological or other special interest , which is reserved and managed for purposes of conservation and to provide special opportunities for study or research . they may be designated by government institutions in some countries , or by private landowners , such as charities and research institutions . nature reserves fall into different iucn categories depending on the level of protection afforded by local laws . normally it is more strictly protected than a nature park . various jurisdictions may use other terminology , such as ecological protection area or private protected area in legislation and in official titles of the reserves . 
the internal conflict in myanmar is a series of insurgencies in myanmar that began shortly after the country , then known as burma , gained independence from the united kingdom in 1948 . the conflict has largely been ethnic-based , with several ethnic armed groups fighting myanmar 's armed forces , the tatmadaw , for self-determination . despite numerous ceasefires and the creation of autonomous self-administered zones in 2008 , many groups continue to call for independence , increased autonomy , or the federalisation of the country . the conflict is also the world 's longest ongoing civil war , having spanned more than seven decades . 