venus is the second planet from the sun . it has a day longer than a year . the year length of venus is 225 earth days . the day length of venus is 243 earth days . it is a `` terrestrial planet '' because it has a solid , rocky surface like other planets in the inner solar system . astronomers have known venus for thousands of years . the ancient romans named it after their goddess venus . venus is the brightest thing in the night sky except for the moon . it is sometimes called the `` morning star '' or the `` evening star '' as at some elongations it is easily seen just before the sun comes up in the morning and , at other times , just after the sun goes down in the evening . venus comes closer to the earth than any other planet does.venus is sometimes called the sister planet of earth as they are quite similar in size and gravity . in other ways the planets are very different . venus ' atmosphere ( air ) is mostly carbon dioxide with clouds of sulphuric acid . sulphuric acid is a chemical that is very poisonous to humans.the thick atmosphere has made it hard to see the surface , and until the twenty-first century many people thought things might live there . the pressure on venus ' surface is 92 times that of earth . venus has no moons . venus spins very slowly on its axis and it spins in the opposite direction to the other planets . 
black sabbath were an english heavy metal band . they are considered to be the inventors of heavy metal which they helped start the genre in the late 1960s and early 1970s . they have sold over one hundred million albums worldwide . the original line up was ozzy osbourne ( vocals ) , tony iommi ( guitar ) , terence `` geezer '' butler ( bass ) and bill ward ( drums ) . 
ancient greece was a large area in the northeast of the mediterranean sea , where people spoke the greek language . it was much bigger than the nation of greece we know today . it was the civilization of greece , from the archaic period of the 8th/6th centuries bc to 146 bc . the period ended with the roman conquest of greece in the battle of corinth.for most of this time , the greeks did not have a single government or ruler . there were a number of city states , each with its own constitution . athens , sparta and corinth are examples of city-states . some had kings , and some , like athens , had a form of democracy . as time went on , the most-powerful cities collected other cities into groups known as `` leagues '' . this applied to many of the greek colonies in asia minor , most of which had close ties to one or another of the large three cities.in the middle of this period , there was classical greece , which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries bc . athenian leadership successfully repelled the threat of persian invasion in the greco-persian wars . the athenian golden age ends with the defeat of athens at the hands of sparta in the peloponnesian war in 345bcin the last , hellenistic , period , greece was unified by the conquests of alexander the great . the city-states continued , under the overall influence of macedonia.greek culture had a powerful influence on the roman empire , which carried a version of it to many parts of the mediterranean region and europe . in this way , classical greece was part of the foundation of western civilization . greek was also the language , and partly the culture , of the byzantine empire . 
diesel oil or diesel fuel is a type of fuel for cars . it is also an oil used for an energy source . it is made from petroleum and from various other sources.it is named after rudolf diesel who in 1892 invented the diesel engine . 
the washington capitals are an american ice hockey team in washington , dc . they are a part of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . they won the stanley cup in 2018 . 
hamm is a city in the german state of north rhine-westphalia . it is part of the arnsberg government regionit has about 185,000 inhabitants . 
relationship may mean : 
the cephalopoda ( greek meaning `` head-foot '' ) is an important mollusc class . they have bilateral symmetry , a head , and arms or tentacles . teuthology , a branch of malacology , is the study of cephalopods.the class has two living subclasses . in the coleoidea , the mollusc shell has become smaller , or is not there at all ; this subclass has the octopus , squid , and cuttlefish . the `` nautiloidea '' have a shell ; `` nautilus '' is its only living genus.there are at least 800 different living species of cephalopods . two important extinct taxa are the ammonites , and the belemnites ( order `` belemnoidea '' , of class coleoidea ) . cephalopods are found in all the oceans of the world and at all pelagic levels . none of them can live in freshwater ( water with no salt in it ) , but a few species live in brackish ( partly salty ) water . 
kickers wurzburg is one of the most traditional football clubs in franconia . it was founded in 1907.famous footballers of fc wurzburger kickers : 
rock and roll over is the fifth studio album and sixth album overall by the american hard rock/heavy metal band kiss . it was released on november 11 , 1976 . 
thomas john brokaw ( born february 6 , 1940 in webster , south dakota ) is a popular american television journalist and is the former anchorman ( host ) of `` nbc nightly news with tom brokaw '' . his last appearance as anchorman was on december 1 , 2004 . in the later part of hosting `` nbc nightly news '' , the program became the most-watched news program in the united states . brokaw has received many awards and honors.brokaw was diagnosed with multiple myeloma in august 2013.on april 26 , 2018 , brokaw was accused of sexual harassment by two women . 
the biographical directory of the united states congress is a biographical dictionary of all present and former members of the united states congress . it also includes all members of the continental congress . it also includes delegates from territories and the district of columbia and resident commissioners from the philippines and puerto rico . 
the florida panthers are an ice hockey team that plays in the nhl . they play in sunrise , florida at the bb & t center . they were named for the florida panther , a type of cougar that is considered an endangered species.the panthers have made it to the stanley cup finals once in 1996 when they lost to the colorado avalanche in four games . 
a jester , joker , fool , or buffoon , is a type of entertainer mostly ( but not always ) associated with the middle ages . jesters typically wore brightly colored clothing in a way . their hats , sometimes called the `` cap ’n bells '' or `` cockscomb '' , were special ; made of cloth , they were floppy with three points ( liliripes ) each of which had a jingle bell at the end.the three points of the hat represent the asses ' ears and tail worn by jesters when they first appeared . other typical things about the jester were his constant laughter and his mock scepter , known as a `` bauble '' or `` maharoof . '' 
nickel creek was an american acoustic musical group . although the group 's music has roots in bluegrass , nickel creek now calls itself `` progressive acoustic '' . the band has three people : chris thile ( mandolin ) , sean watkins ( guitar ) , and sara watkins ( violin ) . a fourth member also plays bass with the band . chris thile 's father scott thile , byron house , and derek jones have played bass with the group . mark schatz has played bass with nickel creek since 2003 . the band has played songs by radiohead , elliott smith , bob dylan , and even `` toxic '' by britney spears . however , most of the songs the band play are originals . 
abhurite is a colorless crystalline mineral that forms on ship-wrecked tin ingots ( nuggets ) . it is named for where it is found . it is found in a cove in the red sea . it is not radioactive . 
the 1979 formula one season crowned as champion jody scheckter . 
gerra ( gambarogno ) is a former municipality of the district locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland . on 25 april 2010 the former municipalities of caviano , contone , gerra gambarogno , indemini , magadino , piazzogna , san nazzaro , sant'abbondio and vira gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of gambarogno . 
children of bodom is a finnish melodic death metal band from espoo in finland . their name comes from the lake bodom murders . the band members are : alexi laiho ( guitar and vocals ) , roope latvala ( guitar ) , janne wirman ( keyboard ) , henkka seppälä ( bass ) , jaska raatikainen ( drums ) . 
tekken 5 is a fighting video game made by namco for playstation 2 , playstation portable and playstation 3 . 
foo fighters is an american rock band started by musician and former nirvana drummer dave grohl . the band was formed in 1994 . the band 's name comes from a term used in world war ii about strange sky objects ( ufos ) .the band , who have achieved a world-wide following , have won many awards for their music , and have released seven studio albums and twenty-eight singles . foo fighters have won eleven grammy awards . the current members of the band are dave grohl ( singer ) , nate mendel ( bass guitar ) , taylor hawkins ( drums ) and pat smear ( guitar ) .before grohl was a member of foo fighters , he was the drummer for the popular grunge band , nirvana . nirvana 's singer , kurt cobain , died about one year before foo fighters were formed . 
the state of azad jammu and kashmir , ( ) also called azad kashmir . in terms of land area it is bigger than trinidad and tobago but smaller than brunei.pakistani region of gilgit baltistan is to the north , while the indian administered disputed territory of occupied jammu and kashmir ( iok ) is to the east which is the region of dispute between pakistan and held by indian military armed occupational forces . pakistani province khyber pakhtunkhwa is west of it , and the pakistani province of punjab is south of it.the capital city of azad kashmir is muzaffarabad . azad jammu and kashmir has an area of 5,134 mi² ( 13,297 km² ) . the inhabitants of this region are kashmiri citizens of ethnic pahari origin . about 4 million people live there . 
td canada trust is the personal , small business and commercial banking operation of the toronto-dominion bank ( td ) in canada . it was created when two banks merged , toronto dominion and canada trust in 2000 . 
drogenbos is a municipality in the belgian province of flemish brabant.in 2007 , 4822 people lived there.it is at 50° 47 north , 04° 19 east . 
the asian snake-eyed skink ( `` ablepharus pannonicus '' ) is a species of skink . it lives in the caucasus mountains and the greater middle east . it is a small skink , with a body color that can be brown or copper green , and some have a white stripe along their side . like a snake , it does not have moveable eyelids . 
vodafone is a mobile phone network operator . its headquarters are in newbury , berkshire , england . it is the largest mobile phone network company in the world ; it has a market value of about £75 billion ( june 2008 ) . 
alan stephenson boyd ( born july 20 , 1922 ) was the first united states secretary of transportation , appointed by lyndon johnson in november 1966.he was appointed to the civil aeronautics board in 1959 by dwight eisenhower and promoted to chairman by john f. kennedy.when the richard m. nixon administration took power , boyd left the government and became the president of the illinois central railroad , a position he held from 1969 to 1972 . 
actionscript is a scripting language similar to javascript . it is used for adobe flash and adobe flex .
ammit was the egyptian idea of the punishment of the soul . the name means `` devourer '' or `` soul-eater . `` ammit was usually known as 'the devourer of the dead ' or the 'eater of hearts ' . ammit was believed to eat any souls found to have sinned . they would then be digested for eternity in acid . or , ammit who was believed to be the guardian of a lake of fire , would place the soul into the liquid fire for all eternity.ammit appears as mix of the crocodile , lion , and hippo . rather than being worshipped , ammit was feared . she was not viewed as a god , but she was viewed as a good force because she destroyed evil . although ammit is seen as a devouring entity , she is neutral and strictly serves at the whim of the other deities to take souls that have sinned against the gods and send them into oblivion . she was known as the crocodile goddess also known as estriedia.ammit was believed to be anubis 's equal but she wanted to enter the real world and devour the souls of the living . 
chubbuck is a city in idaho in the united states . 
guthrie is a city in oklahoma in the united states . it is the county seat of logan county . 
carlisle is a city of kentucky in the united states . carlisle is the county seat , of nicholas county.carlisle has a population of around 2,000 people , and is located around the middle of kentucky . it is also along kentucky route 36 and kentucky route 32 , both which are large 
greenville is a city of kentucky in the united states . it is the seat of its county . the population was 4,312 at the 2010 census . 
genoa is a city in illinois in the united states . 
hobart is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states . 
albeni is a commune of gorj county in romania . 
les authieux-papion is a former commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune mézidon vallée d'auge . 
the class 910 designation is used by network rail for a fleet of former class 488 gatwick express trailer sets , now used as brake-force runner sets in departmental service . 
jozef vengloš ( born 18 february 1936 ) is a former slovak football player . he has played for slovan bratislava . 
savannah is a city in the u.s. state of georgia . it is the largest city in chatham county . it is the largest city in that county . 
the kitt peak national observatory ( kpno ) is an observatory in the united states . it is southwest of tucson , arizona . 
brian david kendrick ( born march 29 , 1979 ) is an american professional wrestler best known for his time with the wwe as `` brian kendrick '' and `` the '' brian kendrick . currently working for total nonstop action wrestling 
xkcd is a comic strip on the internet . an american cartoonist randall munroe drew and wrote the comic . the comic is drawn in boxes . it is one of the most popular comics on the internet . this is `` a webcomic of romance , sarcasm , math and language '' . sometimes , the readers of the comic act out things that munroe puts in his comics . there are also messages in some comics that show up when moused over . in october 2007 , the comic was viewed about 60 million times . the comic has won many awards . the name `` xkcd '' does not mean anything and was just made so people do not say it as a word . there are more than 2200 different `` xkcd '' comics.in november 2015 , munroe wrote a book named `` thing explainer '' , using the same stick figure drawings from his comic . the book is about how things work , and is written in simple english . it uses only one thousand different simple words . the idea for it came from a comic `` up goer five '' which is about the saturn v rocket . 
carnegie mellon university is a research university . it is in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . it is known for research in computer science . it is ranked # 1 in the united states for computer science . 
wong tai sin temple may refers : 
steffen freund ( born 19 january , 1970 ) is a former german football player . he has played for germany national team . 
olof mellberg ( born 3 september 1977 ) is a swedish football player . he plays for olympiacos and sweden national team . 
diamantinsaurus is a genus of derived titanosaurian dinosaur from early cretaceous age rocks of australia . 
marek jankulovski ( born 9 may 1977 ) is a czech football player . he plays for a.c. milan and czech republic national team . 
tomislav erceg ( born 22 october 1971 ) is a former croatian football player . he has played for croatia national team . 
queen mab is a fairy referred to in shakespeare 's play romeo and juliet . in the play she is described by mercutio as a tiny creature who drives a chariot across the faces of people while they are asleep , causing them to dream of their wishes coming true . she has also appeared in other books afterwards , including moby dick and sense and sensibility . 
the epistle to philemon is the fifty-seventh book in the christian bible , and the eighteenth in the new testament . almost everyone agrees that letter was written by the saint paul to philemon . it is the shortest of paul 's letters , consisting of only 335 words in the greek text . 
auce is a town in latvia with town rights since 1924 . 
interstate 76 can refer to : 
the vicar of wakefield is a novel by oliver goldsmith . it was written in 1761 and 1762 . it was published in 1766 . the book was very popular . the novel tells of the primrose family . 
the horned grebe or slavonian grebe ( `` podiceps azurites '' ) - `` podiceps '' : latin for `` podicis '' ( rump ) and `` pedis '' ( foot ) , referring to the placement of the legs on its body ; `` auritus '' : latin for `` eared '' - is a member of the grebe family of water birds . it inhabits eurasia and north america . 
`` koshi '' was also a regional name . it was in what is now known as the hokuriku region . 
the years of reign of bidatsu start in 572 and end in 585 ; however , there are no certain dates for this emperor 's life or reign . the names and sequence of the early emperors were not confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of emperor kammu , who was the 50th monarch of the yamato dynasty . 
a barcode is a way of storing numbers printed in a way that a computer can easily read . the first barcodes stored the numbers using lines ( bars ) .the first use of barcodes was to label railroad rolling stock . they became a big success when they were used in supermarket checkout systems . the first product that used a barcode was a pack of wrigley 's juicy fruit gum sold on june 26 , 1974 . it was invented by ibm engineer george j. laurer . barcodes are now used for many purposes . 
dame barbara mary quant ( born 11 february 1934 ) is a british fashion designer . in 1963 , she won the `` sunday times '' international fashion award , and was chosen as `` woman of the year '' .quant is famous as a designer who invented the miniskirt and hot pants . she was also instrumental in the mod fashion movement , and known for her use of pop art in fashion.born to welsh parents in blackheath , london , quant went to blackheath high school , then studied illustration at goldsmiths college . her first employment was as a couture milliner ( hat maker ) . 
client state is a word used to describe a state that has to follow a more powerful state in international politics . the word is not specific compared with the other words which have similar meanings : satellite state , associated state , puppet state , neo-colony , protectorate , vassal state and tributary state . the greater state may be said to exercise hegemony over the lesser one . 
qualitative analysis is a field of analytical chemistry . it uses chemical reactions to find out what an unknown chemical substance is . qualitative chemistry is used in many jobs . it is very useful for testing for drugs and poisons.many reactions are used in qualitative chemistry . for example , fire can be used to learn what metals are in the compound . the scientist would know what metal was in an unknown compound by the color of the flame.qualitative chemistry is in contrast with quantitative chemistry . `` qualitative '' refers to what is present , while `` quantitative '' refers to how much is present . 
trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine ( tfmpp ) is an organic chemical substance . it is a derivative of piperazine . it is sometimes used as a part of other illegal drugs . it is sometimes used as a replacement for the drug mdma , or as a component of ecstasy pills . tfmpp has no known use in the chemical industry . 
in ancient greece and ancient rome , amphoras were used to transport liquids or grain . amphores had two handles , used for carrying . amphores existed in different sizes , between 5 litres and 50 litres . they were made of clay , or metal . cargo ships for liquids were full of amphorae.most of the amphoras that now exist were made in old times of ancient greece and ancient rome . however , many were made long before then . some amphoras are as old as 4500 bce . some varieties have been found in ancient china . 
thallium ( i ) sulfide , also known as thallous sulfide , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is tls . it has thallium and sulfide ions in it . the thallium is in its +1 oxidation state . 
salinibacter ruber is an extreme halophile ( salt-loving organism ) that lives in concentrations of salt from 20 to 30 % . 
elasmobranchii is a subclass of chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fish , that includes the sharks and the rays and skates . 
microvillus ( plural microvilli ) is a very tiny hair-like membrane in the body . the microvillus greatly increase the amount of surface area for a cell . in humans , the microvilli can give a cell 600 times more surface area . they are good for absorbing things and for secreting things . they are found in many places in a human body including the ear , the tongue , the nose and the intestines.on a tongue , the microvilli are the tiny hairs on the taste buds that send signals to the brain . these signals are interpreted by the brain , and tells the brain what things taste like . over time , as a person tastes more and more things , the brain stores the information the microvilli send in a databank of information . this databank is used to compare new tastes to old tastes , and help to classify them by comparing and contrasting their qualities.in the intestines , the microvilli are able to absorb ( take ) nutrients from the digested food for the body to use . 
a ghostwriter is a professional writer whose published work is credited to another person . one famous ghostwriter is andrew neiderman . he was hired by the estate of v. c. andrews , who died in 1986 . niederman completed the `` casteel '' series of books and continues writing books credited to andrews.ghostwriters are paid a fee to help write the autobiographies of celebrities , athletes and politicians . they also help write letters , song lyrics , magazine and news articles that get published under someone else 's name . 
st ives is a seaside town and port in west cornwall , england , united kingdom . the town lies north of penzance and west of camborne on the coast of the atlantic ocean . it was once commercially dependent on fishing but fishing has declined and the town is now primarily a holiday resort . st ives has become renowned for the large number of artists who work there . it was named best seaside town of 2007 by the `` guardian '' newspaper.tate st ives is an important art gallery . 
the embioptera are an order of insects , commonly known as webspinners.webspinners are a small group of mostly tropical and subtropical insects . they are in the subclass pterygota . the group first appeared during the jurassic and is well represented in cretaceous amber . the common name webspinner comes from the insects ' ability to spin silk from structures on their front legs . they use the silk to make a web-like pouch or gallery in which they live . they feed on leaf litter , moss , bark and lichen.occasionally they arrive in temperate countries , usually as passengers on cargo . 
`` no me queda más '' ( ) is a song by american singer selena . it was written by ricky vela . vela had fallen in love with selena 's sister , suzette quintanilla . he then found out she was married . vela was angry at this and wrote down his feelings . selena 's brother and producer of her music , a b quintanilla iii , liked the idea of turning his words into a song . the song was then co-produced by bebu silvetti . it was for selena 's fourth album `` amor prohibido '' ( 1994 ) . the song 's lyrics are a reference to vela 's unreturned love . `` no me queda más '' is a spanish language ballad . it was released as a single in the united states and mexico . the song reached number one on the us `` billboard '' hot latin tracks for seven weeks . the song became selena 's third number one single from her `` amor prohibido '' album . in 1995 , it became the number-one song on the `` billboard '' top latin songs year-end chart . it also became the best-selling latin single for 1995 in the united states.the song had positive feedback from music critics . `` no me queda más '' was nominated for `` song of the year '' at the broadcast music latin awards . however , the music video of the song won the 1995 `` billboard '' latin music awards . the music video was shot at the houston , texas amtrak station and other locations in san antonio , texas . since the song was released , it has been covered by several artists . it remains one of selena 's most popular songs . 
iodine deficiency is when there is not enough iodine in the body . iodine is an essential trace element . the thyroid hormones thyroxine and triiodotyronine have iodine . in areas where marine food is not eaten , there is low iodine in the diet . this causes iodine deficiency which gives rise togoiter ( so-called endemic goiter ) , as well as cretinism , which results in developmental delays and other health problems . `` the lancet '' has said , `` according to who , in 2007 , nearly 2 billion individuals had insufficient iodine intake , a third being of school age . thus iodine deficiency , as the single greatest preventable cause of mental retardation , is an important public-health problem . '' iodine deficiency causes diseases of the oral and salivary glands.in these areas , small amounts of iodine to table salt in form of sodium iodide , potassium iodide , and/or potassium iodate is added . this helps preventing iodine deficiency . this product is known as `` iodized salt '' . iodine compounds have also been added to other foods . this includes flour , water and milk in areas of deficiency . seafood is also a well known source of iodine . thus , iodine deficiency is more common in mountainous regions of the world where food is grown in soil poor in iodine . 
sara tavares ( b 1978 ) is a portuguese-cape verdian singer . after winning the two music festivals in portugal , in 1994 , sara tavares recorded her first album `` sara tavares & shout '' . it was released in 1996 . this album has gospel , soul , funk and pop influences . after the album was released , sara performed all over the portugal , cape verde and paris . she also performed on television programs and at social events . by the end of 1998 , sara tavares started working on her new album . she stopped performing and went through a long period of introspection trying to find her real influences . `` mi ma bo '' was sara tavares ' second album . the name translated from the criolo ( language from cape verde ) means `` me and you '' . `` mi ma bo '' was produced by lokua kanza , a musician from kongo . the album is sung in three different languages ( portuguese , criolo and english ) . in portugal , `` mi ma bo '' is a gold record . in france , monaco and andorra , `` querer sonhar '' - one of sara tavares ' compositions from `` mi ma bo '' , is included in an african music compilation , together with artists like miriam makeba , lokua kanza , césaria evora , youssou n'dour , mory kante . it was released by bmg france.her new album `` balancé '' was due in february 2006 . in this record produced by sara herself , she wrote and composed all the songs and played many of the instruments . 
functional programming is a programming paradigm where values are passed around into functions , and those functions are themselves values . functional programmers often try to make large parts of their code referentially transparent . 
`` deck the halls '' is a christmas and new year 's themed song . the `` fa-la-la '' refrains were played earlier on harps . the tunes of this song are that of old welsh air . various singers have covered the song , including james taylor and nat king cole . 
the lockheed martin f-35 lightning ii is a family of single-seat , single-engine , fifth generation multirole fighter aircraft under development to perform ground attack , reconnaissance , and air defense missions with stealth capability.the development of the f-35 has been very controversial . many people feel like the us air force has been spending too much money on the f-35 project , and that the government should halt all development of the project . 
a hawker is a person who sells things that can be easily moved from place to place . they are also known as peddlers , costermongers , or street vendors . hawkers often sell food . they attract attention by calling out , singing chants , and interacting loudly with customers . while hawkers can be found in markets , they often move their products from place to place in small carts . in 19th century australia , the hawkers travelled around to distant towns and remote farms , carrying a large range of items to sell in horse drawn wagons . 
pradikta wicaksono ( born in jakarta , indonesia , january 10 , 1986 ) or often called dikta , is an indonesian singer . he is a singer for the group yovie & nuno , along with dudi oris . he joined yovie & nuno in 2007 . 
the as-90 ( artillery system for the 1990s ) is a lightly armoured self-propelled artillery gun . it is used by the british army . it was first used in 1993 . the as-90 's official name is gun equipment 155 mm l131.the as-90 is used by five regiments of the royal horse artillery and royal artillery.as-90 was designed and built by vickers shipbuilding and engineering ( vsel , owned by bae systems since 1999 ) . they made 179 as-90s from 1992 to 1995 . this cost £300 million.in 2002 bae systems were asked to give 96 british army as-90s a 52 calibre gun . this would make the range 30 km . with special shells , it would be able to reach 60 to 80 km . however , this project ended up being ended . 
lake wobegon is a fictional town in the u.s. state of minnesota . it is the setting of garrison keillor 's `` news from lake wobegon '' which is part of his weekly radio variety show , `` a prairie home companion '' . keillor tells stories of life in a small minnesota town every week . the weekly segment is broadcast on national public radio and available as a podcast via itunes.in keillor 's weekly stories about lake wobegon , he describes the town : 
kandahar or qandahar ( ) ( ) is one of the largest of the thirty-four provinces of afghanistan . it is located in southern afghanistan , between helmand , oruzgan and zabul provinces . its capital is the city of kandahar . there are about 913,000 people who live in the province . the united states is currently fighting the taliban in this area . 
the sukhoi su-30mki ( nato reporting name : flanker-h ) is a fighter plane made by sukhoi and hal for the indian air force . it is a version of the su-30 . it first flew in 2000 and entered service in 2002 . it is one of the heaviest fighters in the world and can fly very far.the indian air force plans to have 272 of these planes by 2020 . they will form the backbone of indian air force from then.it is considered a 4++ generation fighter plane and has similar features to the sukhoi su-35 . 
silver end is a small village in england . it is in essex , between the towns of braintree and witham . it was started by francis henry crittall , who wanted it to be a model village . crittall started a factory in silver end for his company , crittall windows ltd . the factory made parts for metal windows.in 2001 , there were 3,861 people living in silver end . 
donald jay `` don '' rickles ( may 8 , 1926 – april 6 , 2017 ) was an american stand-up comedian , actor , voice actor and author , best known for his role as mr potato head in `` toy story '' , `` toy story 2 '' , and `` toy story 3 '' . he was also known for being an on `` the tonight show starring johnny carson '' , and in `` the dean martin celebrity roasts '' . 
zapopan ( ) is a city and municipality in jalisco , mexico . it is part of the guadalajara metropolitan area . 
regular show is an emmy award-winning animated television series . it was created by j g quintel . it was first broadcast on september 6 , 2010 , and was broadcast for the last time on january 16 , 2017 . the eighth and final of the show was branded under the title regular show in space . the series is about two friends named mordecai and rigby . mordecai is a 23-year-old blue jay , and rigby is a 23-year-old brown raccoon . they are also groundskeepers at a park . `` regular show '' is rated tv-pg and tv-pg-v. two episodes were rated tv-y7-fv . one episode was rated tv-pg-d . it 's aimed at 10-18-year-olds . it has some mild profanity and mature subject matter.in 2012 , the show won an emmy award for `` outstanding short-format animated program '' . it was also nominated for that award in 2011 . 
aluminium iodide is any chemical compound made up of only aluminium and iodine . it is formed by the reaction of aluminium and iodine , or the action of hydrogen iodide on aluminium metal . 
kendra wilkinson ( born june 12 , 1985 in san diego ) is an american model , writer and reality television participant . she acted on `` the girl next door '' . she began hosting her own series , `` kendra '' , around 2009 . 
theil-sur-vanne is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france . 
richard gammon ( april 20 , 1940 – july 16 , 2010 ) was an american actor and entertainer . he was known for his role as ulysses s. grant in `` lincoln '' , mr. sutherland in `` wyatt earp '' , and as lou brown in `` major league '' .gammon was born on april 20 , 1940 in newman , illinois . gammon was married to nancy jane kapusta from 1972 until his death in 2010 . gammon died on july 16 , 2010 from adrenal and liver cancer in costa mesa , california , aged 70 . 
emeritus is a title given to a professor , bishop or other person with an important office . the title says that these people , while still holding their title , no longer practice their function . usually , this is done because of old age . usually the `` emeritus '' is put after the official title of the person , as in `` professor emeritus '' .in the time of the roman empire , it was used for soldiers , to say that they no longer needed to serve in the army . that way , a bishop emeritus no longer needs to take part in the celebration of the mass , but he is still able to perform confirmations or to ordain priests . 
the wherry lines are railway lines in england , from norwich to great yarmouth and lowestoft . these lines go through the broads . the line is part of the network rail strategic route 7 , srs 07,11 and is a rural line . the name of the line is taken from the norfolk wherries , which played an important role in the transport of goods and people around the broads before road and rail transport became widespread . 
marjorie lord ( born 26 july 1918 ) is an american actress . she acts mostly in television programs . she acted with danny thomas in `` make room for daddy '' . she is the mother of actress anne archer . lord was born in san francisco , california . 
ruby is the name of a programming language that was created in the mid-1990s by yukihiro `` matz '' matsumoto in japan . like other programming languages , such as python , its structure ( the way it works ) is very similar to the english language . it has these qualities : many programmers like it because the creator tried to make it easy and nice to use.ruby on rails ( ror ) is a web application framework that is implemented using the ruby language . 
clarence linden `` buster '' crabbe ii ( february 7 , 1908 – april 23 , 1983 ) was an american olympic swimmer , and a movie and television actor . he won a gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle at the 1932 summer olympics and for playing science fiction hero flash gordon in three movie serials . he is the only actor to have played the three most popular pulp fiction heroes of the 1930s — flash gordon , buck rogers , and tarzan.crabbe started swimming as a boy . he went to the university of southern california , and was a member of its first swim team . he trained as an olympics swimmer , and won a bronze medal in the 1928 summer olympics and a gold medal in the 1932 summer olympics . he won 16 world and 35 national records during his swimming career.after the 1932 olympics , he went to hollywood . he played the heroes in 103 feature length jungle , crime , drama , and western b-movies as well as the heroes in nine movie serials . in the late 1940s , crabbe left movies to put together his own water show . he got into debt and looked for ways to make money . he turned to television.he was the host a children 's series in new york city and starred in an nbc adventure series called `` captain gallant of the foreign legion '' . his debts were paid , but his acting skills grew less in demand . he developed several business interests including buster crabbe swim pools . he retired to scottsdale , arizona , and died there of a heart attack in 1983 . 
farnham is a village and civil parish in uttlesford , essex , england . in 2001 there were 392 people living in farnham . farnham covers about 8 square miles . 
samuel fuller ( 1580 - 1633 ) was a passenger on the 1620 voyage of the pilgrim ship `` mayflower '' and singed the mayflower compact . he became a respected church deacon and the physician for plymouth colony.fuller was a son of robert fuller , a butcher . he was baptized on january 20 , 1580 at redenhall , co. norfolk , england . he was a member of the separatist religion which was not allowed in england.in 1610 , fuller moved to leiden , netherlands . he was a friend of degory priest and sarah allerton . sarah was the sister of isaac allerton . fuller was an active church congregation member . in leiden records fuller was referred to as “a serge worker of london.”samuel’s wife and son died in 1615 and he married bridget lee.samuel fuller helped to plan for the separatists to move to the colony of virginia . they made an agreement with the virginia company . fuller , along with edward winslow , william bradford and isaac allerton , sent a letter on june 10 , 1620 to john carver and robert cushman . these men were in london and were also making plans for the voyage . they learned that thomas weston and the company had changed the agreement . one of the changes was that the merchants would keep half of the houses and lands . the pilgrims would also have one day off from work per week . these problems were not solved until robert cushman arrived in the `` fortune '' in november 1621.samuel fuller learned about medicine before he traveled to the new world so that he could help the others if needed . there would be no doctor on the `` mayflower '' or at plymouth colony.it is said that the town of fullerton , north dakota , is named after samuel fuller . 
piers morgan live ( previously known as piers morgan tonight ) is a television talk show on cnn . it is hosted by piers morgan . it started on january 17 , 2011 . it took over the timeslot that `` larry king live '' was in before larry king retired . on the show , morgan interviews guests such as politicians , celebrities , and members of the public . his first guest was oprah winfrey . the show was cancelled on february 23 , 2014 and the final episode was aired on march 28 , 2014 . 
the princess diaries is a 2001 american comedy movie . it was produced by singer and actress whitney houston . it was directed by garry marshall . it is based on meg cabot 's 2000 novel of the same name . the movie stars anne hathaway as mia thermopolis and tobey maguire as peter thermopolis , mia 's brother . the characters are teenagers who discover that they are the heir of the throne of the fictional kingdom of genovia . genovia is ruled by their grandmother queen dowager clarisse renaldi , played by julie andrews . it also stars heather matarazzo and james franco as mia and peter 's best friends lilly moscovitz and harry , héctor elizondo as joseph , the queen 's head of security , and robert schwartzman as lilly 's brother michael , who has a crush on mia.the movie was released in north american theaters on august 3 , 2001 . the movie peaked at number three in the box office . the movie was very successful . it grossed $ 165,335,153 worldwide . a sequel , `` the princess diaries 2 '' , was released in august 2004 . 
ion luca caragiale ( 1 february 1852 , haimanale , romania - 9 june 1912 , in berlin , germany ) was a romanian playwright , novelist , poet , theatre director and journalist . 
novacane is a song by frank ocean . it is from his mixtape `` nostalgia , ultra '' . it is about a girl who works as a dentist and pornstar to get money for drugs . it is ocean 's first single . it is a pbr & b , neo soul , and alternative hip hop song . 
too cool was a professional wrestling tag team and stable that competed in wwe/f 1998 to 2001.the members of the tag team were scott taylor/scotty 2 hotty and brian christopher/grandmaster sexay . rikishi joined in late 1999 to make too cool a stable.the members of the stable were portrayed as hip hop fans and they would dancing around the ring while lights flashed and music played . this also included a famous moment when all three members entered the royal rumble and rikishi eliminated all the participants in the ring except sexay . rikishi looked like he was going to eliminate sexay but scotty entered the match next and they danced to their music while the rumble match was still ongoing . rikishi eliminated the other two members when their dance segment was over . they quickly became very popular with fans.on the january 6 , 2014 episode of `` raw '' titled `` old school raw '' , too cool reunited with rikishi and they defeated 3mb ( heath slater , drew mcintyre and jinder mahal ) in a six-man tag team match . it marked the first time in thirteen and a half years that all three members of too cool had competed in a six-man tag team match . too cool also competed at `` nxt arrival '' in a match for the nxt tag team championships against the ascension but they were unable to win the titles . 
the hyades ( also known as melotte 25 or collinder 50 ) is the nearest open star cluster to the solar system and one of the best-studied of all star clusters.the hipparcos satellite , the hubble space telescope , and infrared color-magnitude diagram fitting agree a distance of ~153 ly ( 47 pc ) to the cluster centre . the distances given by these three independent methods make the hyades an important rung on the cosmic distance ladder.the cluster consists of a roughly spherical group of hundreds of stars sharing the same age , place of origin , chemical content , and motion through space . from the perspective of observers on earth , the hyades cluster is in the constellation taurus , where its brightest stars form a `` v '' shape with the even brighter red giant aldebaran . aldebaran is completely unrelated to the hyades , because it is much closer to earth ( hence its apparent brightness ) and just happens to lie along the same line of sight.the four brightest member stars of the hyades are all red giants that began life as a-type stars and have now evolved off the main sequence . all are within a few light years of each other . their bayer designations are gamma , delta , epsilon , and theta tauri . they form a pattern which was identified as the head of taurus the bull . epsilon tauri , also known as ain ( the `` bull 's eye '' ) , harbours at least one gas giant planet.the age of the hyades is about 625 million years . the cluster core , where stars are most densely packed , has a radius of 2,7 parsecs ( corresponding to a diameter of 17,6 light years ) , and the cluster 's tidal radius is 10 parsecs ( corresponding to a diameter of 65 light years ) . about one-third of confirmed member stars have been observed well outside this boundary , in the cluster 's extended halo . these stars are probably in the process of escaping from its gravitational influence . 
colin andrew mochrie ( ; born november 30 , 1957 ) is a scottish-canadian actor , comedian and writer . he is best known for his work as a regular on both the british and american versions of the improvisational comedy television show `` whose line is it anyway`` .mochrie was born in kilmarnock , scotland . in 1964 , he moved with his family to canada . he first moved to montreal , quebec and finally vancouver , british columbia . 
alain resnais ( ; 3 june 1922 – 1 march 2014 ) was a french movie director , actor , editor and screenwriter . his career has lasted over more than six decades . he was born in vannes , morbihan . he was first married to florence malraux ( daughter of the french statesman and writer andré malraux ) . 
alexandria is a city in douglas county , minnesota , united states . as of 2010 , 11,070 people lived in alexandria . 
histamine is an organic nitrogenous compound involved in local immune responses . it also regulates physiological function in the gut , and acts as a neurotransmitter . histamine is involved in the inflammatory response , where tissues get red , swollen and painful.as part of an immune response to foreign pathogens , histamine is produced by basophils and by mast cells found in nearby connective tissues . histamine increases the permeability of the capillaries to white blood cells and some proteins . the cells get through the walls of the tiny blood vessels to get at pathogens in the infected tissues.histamine in water exists as two tautomers in equilibrium , differing by the position of the hydrogen atom : 
the buffalo bandits is a professional box lacrosse team in buffalo , new york . it plays in the east division of the national lacrosse league . the team started in 1992 as part of the major indoor lacrosse league . it won the league championship in 2008 . 
the african palm civet ( nandinia binotata ) , or 'two-spotted palm civet ' , is a small mammal . it is in the feliformia suborder.it has short legs , small ears , a body like a civet cat , and a long lithe tail as long as its body . adults usually weigh . it is native to the forests of eastern africa and the congo river basin . it usually lives in trees , and it is omnivorous : it eats rodents , insects , eggs , carrion , fruit , birds and fruit bats . the animal is generally solitary and nocturnal.although it looks like other civet species ( in the family viverridae ) , the african palm civet is genetically distinct : they probably diverged from other civets before the cats did . they are therefore classified as the only species in the genus nandinia and in their own family , nandiniidae . however , not all experts accept this . 
renée simonot ( born september 10 , 1911 ) is a french actress . she is known for being one of the first french actresses to dub an english movie . she mostly dubbed olivia de havilland and sylvia sidney . 
mieszko ii lambert ( ca 990 - may 10 , 1034 ) was a king of poland from 1025 to 1031 , and a duke of poland from 1032 to 1034 from the piast dynasty . he was the second son of boleslaw i the brave . he is the third known polish ruler . he was father of casimir i.he was probably named after mieszko i of poland , who was his grandfather.in 1028 and in 1030 he attacked saxony . later , poland was attacked by germany , bohemia , and kiev . when poland was attacked by yaroslav the wise in 1031 , mieszko lost control over poland . 
muriel elizabeth bowser ( born august 2 , 1972 ) is an american politician and member of the democratic party . she is serving as the eighth mayor of the district of columbia . she succeeded vincent c. gray on january 2 , 2014 . 
acer inc. is a taiwanese multinational hardware and electronics corporation headquartered in xizhi , new taipei city , taiwan.in 2013 acer was the fourth largest personal computer vendor in the world . 
trypanosoma is a genus of parasitic protozoa . there are in the class kinetoplastida . they are a monophyletic group of unicellular parasitic flagellate protozoa . all trypanosomes are need more than one particular host to complete life cycle.most are transmitted by a vector , usually by blood-feeding invertebrates . there are different mechanisms among the various species . in an invertebrate host they are generally found in the intestine , but in their mammalian host they usually live in the bloodstream or inside cells.trypanosomes infect a variety of hosts and cause various diseases , including the fatal human diseases sleeping sickness , caused by `` trypanosoma brucei '' , and chagas disease , caused by `` trypanosoma cruzi '' .the mitochondrial genome of the `` trypanosoma '' , and other kinetoplastids , is made of a highly complex series of circles and minicircles . it needs many proteins for organisation during cell division . 
the polydnaviruses ( pdv ) are a family of insect viruses . there are two genera : ichnoviruses ( iv ) and bracoviruses ( bv ) . the ichnoviruses occur in ichneumonid wasps and bracoviruses in braconid wasps.the genome of the virus is composed of multiple segments of double-stranded dna packed in capsid proteins and a double or single layer envelope . the sequences are quite different between bv and iv , suggesting that the two types evolved independently . 
dean s. potter ( april 14 , 1972 – may 16 , 2015 ) was an american free climber , alpinist , base jumper , baseliner , and highliner . he was known for hard first ascents , free solo ascents , speed ascents , and enchainments in yosemite national park and patagonia . 
james robert `` bob '' belden ( october 31 , 1956 – may 20 , 2015 ) was an american saxophonist , arranger , composer , bandleader and producer . he may be best known for his grammy award winning jazz orchestral recording , `` the black dahlia '' . belden was born in evanston , illinois.belden died of a heart attack on may 20 , 2015 , at lenox hill hospital in manhattan , aged 58 . 
inuinnaqtun is an inuit language spoken in northern canada . it is one of the official languages of nunavut and the northwest territories . these are two of the three territories in canada.inuinnaqtun is closely related to inuktitut , but inuinnaqtun is only written in latin script ( unlike inuktitut ) . the number of native speakers is 410 . 
margaret frances “peg” lynch ( november 25 , 1916 – july 24 , 2015 ) , was an americans television writer and actor . she was the creator of the radio and television sitcom `` ethel and albert '' . 
henry gibson ( september 21 , 1935 – september 14 , 2009 ) was an american actor , singer and songwriter . he was best known as a cast member of `` rowan & martin 's laugh-in '' , for his role as haven hamilton in `` nashville '' , for his recurring role as judge clark brown on `` boston legal '' , the illinois nazi leader in `` the blues brothers '' and as bob jenkins in `` king of the hill '' . 
an act of congress is a statute enacted by the united states congress according to the powers granted to it by the constitution of the united states . the term can be used in other countries with a legislature called a `` congress , '' such as the congress of the philippines . but most often the term is associated with the united states congress . in the us , there are several steps from a bill or resolution becoming a law . it must first be passed by a majority of both of the houses of congress . then the bill or resolution is sent to get signed by the president . it becomes an act of congress by either the president 's signature or , if the president does not return the bill or resolution within ten days . 
the union of azerbaijani writers ( ) is the largest public organization of azerbaijani writers , poets and publicists . it has over 1500 members at present . it was founded on june 13 , 1934 . at this time azerbaijan was a part of the soviet union as the azerbaijan soviet socialist republic.it is currently chaired by the writer anar since 1987 . he is the son of writer rasul rza . rza was the chairman between 1938–1939 . 
michael novak ( september 9 , 1933 – february 17 , 2017 ) was an american catholic philosopher , journalist , novelist and diplomat . he wrote more than forty books on the philosophy and theology of culture . he was known for his book `` the spirit of democratic capitalism '' ( 1982 ) . in 1994 , he was awarded the templeton prize for progress in religion . he mostly wrote books and articles about capitalism , religion , and the politics of democratization.novak was born in johnstown , pennsylvania . he was married to karen laub-novak . he had three children.novak died from complications of colon cancer on february 17 , 2017 in washington , d.c. , at the age of 83 . 
vivek hallegere murthy ( born july 10 , 1977 ) is an american physician and a vice admiral in the public health service commissioned corps.murthy served as the 19th surgeon general of the united states from 2014 through 2017.murthy , founder of nonprofit doctors for obama , replaced boris lushniak , who had been acting surgeon general since 2013 . murthy was the first surgeon general of indian descent and was the youngest active duty flag officer in federal uniformed service.on april 21 , 2017 , murthy was relieved of his duties but will continue to serve as a member of the commissioned corps . rear admiral sylvia trent-adams was named acting surgeon general . 
carsten günter erich sieling ( born january 13 , 1959 in nienburg ) is a german politician of the spd . he is the current mayor of the city of bremen and also head of the state of bremen.previously he was among others a member of the bundestag from 2009 to 2015.since july 15 , 2015 he has been the president of the senate and mayor of the free hanseatic city of bremen ( head of government of the city-state of bremen ) . 
joseph marcell ( born 18 august 1948 ) is a saint lucian born british actor . he is best known for his role as geoffrey the butler on the nbc sitcom `` the fresh prince of bel-air '' from september 1990 until it ended in may 1996 . 
saint-martin-lez-tatinghem is a commune in the pas-de-calais department of northern france . it was incorporated on 1 january 2016 by the combination of the former communes of saint-martin-au-laërt and tatinghem . 
tangvayosaurus ( meaning `` tang vay lizard '' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the aptian-albian age lower cretaceous grès supérior formation of savannakhet , laos . it was a basal titanosaur , about 15 m long , and is known from the remains of two or three individuals . 
the drôme ( ) is a river in southeastern france . it is a left tributary of the rhône river . it gives its name to the french department of drôme . 
börje vestlund ( 2 february 1960 – 22 september 2017 ) was a swedish social democratic politician . he was a member of the riksdag from 2002 until his death in 2017 . he was openly gay.vestlund died on 22 september 2017 in stockholm , sweden at the age of 67 . 
langston faizon santisima ( born june 4 , 1968 ) , better known as faizon love , is an american actor and comedian . he appeared in `` elf '' ( 2003 ) . 
adam darius ( 10 may 1930 – 3 december 2017 ) was an american dancer , mime artist , writer and choreographer . as a performer , he appeared in over 85 countries across six continents . as a writer , he published 19 books and wrote 22 plays.in britain he has taught , among others , mime artist , dancer and director , kazimir kolesnik , rock star kate bush , and hollywood movie star kate beckinsale.darius retired in october 2016.darius died on 3 december 2017 in espoo , finland of a heart attack at the age of 87 . 
conan the indomitable is a fantasy novel by american writer steve perry , featuring robert e. howard 's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian . it was first published in trade paperback by tor books in october 1989 ; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in september 1990 . 
on january 13 , 2018 , a false ballistic missile alert was issued by the emergency alert system and commercial mobile alert system over television , radio , and cellphones in the u.s. state of hawaii . the alert said that there was an incoming ballistic missile threat to hawaii , advised residents to seek shelter , and said `` this is not a drill '' .the message was sent at 8:07 a.m. hst . 38 minutes later a second message was sent describing the first as a `` false alarm '' . state officials later blamed a button pushed in error during a shift change at the hawaii emergency management agency for the false first message.governor david ige publicly said he was sorry for the false alert . the united states federal communications commission and the hawaii house of representatives announced investigations into the incident . 
hubbard is a city in ohio in the united states . 
velvalea rodgers `` vel '' phillips ( february 18 , 1923 – april 17 , 2018 ) was an american attorney and civil rights activist . she served as a local official and judge in milwaukee , wisconsin and as secretary of state of wisconsin , the first woman and african-american elected to that state position , from 1979 to 1983.phillips died under hospice care in milwaukee at age 95 on april 17 , 2018 . 
denison dam , also known as lake texoma dam , is a dam on the red river between texas and oklahoma . the job of the dam is to control flood waters . it also makes a water supply and energy from hydroelectricity . the dam controls the red river and provides a place where people can have fun in the water . 
malta is the largest of the three major islands . it is sometimes referred to as valletta . malta is in the middle of the mediterranean sea directly south of italy and north of libya . the island is long and wide . the capital is valletta . the island is made up of many small towns . 
punch refers to many drinks made from fruit or fruit juice and sometimes alcohol . the drink was started in india , then was brought to the united kingdom in the early 1600s . the drink spread to other countries . punch is usually served at parties in large bowls known as `` punch bowls '' . 
lauderdale county is a county in the northwestern corner of the u.s. state of alabama . as of the 2010 census , the population was 92,709 . the county seat is florence . the name is in honor of colonel james lauderdale , of tennessee . 
gaithersburg , officially the city of gaithersburg , is a city in montgomery county , maryland . at the time of the 2010 u.s. census , gaithersburg had a population of 59,933 . it is the fourth largest incorporated city in the state , behind baltimore , frederick , and rockville . gaithersburg was incorporated as a town in 1878 and as a city in 1968 . 
gerrit jan van heuven goedhart ( 19 march 1901 – 8 july 1956 ) was a dutch politician and diplomat . he was the first united nations high commissioner for refugees from 1951 to 1956 . 
william goldman ( august 12 , 1931 – november 16 , 2018 ) was an american novelist , playwright , and screenwriter . he was born in chicago , illinois . he won two academy awards for his screenplays for `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' ( 1969 ) and again for `` all the president 's men '' ( 1976 ) .his other written works include his thriller novel `` marathon man '' and comedy-fantasy novel `` the princess bride '' , both of which goldman made into a movie.goldman died in new york city on november 16 , 2018 from pneumonia complicated by colon cancer , aged 87 . 
bert j. harris jr. ( december 9 , 1919 – may 19 , 2019 ) was an american politician . he was born in warwick , georgia . harris jr. was a member of the democratic party . he was in the florida house of representatives from 1982 to 1996 for district 77.harris jr. died on may 19 , 2019 in lake placid , florida at the age of 99 . 
harold allan clarke ( born 5 april 1942 ) is a retired english pop rock singer . he was one of the founding members and the original lead singer of the hollies . he retired from performing in 1999 . he was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 2010 . 
shirley deane ( born shirley deane blattenberger ; march 16 , 1913 – april 26 , 1983 ) was an american actress.her parents were jesse h. blattenberger and zola blattenberger ( unmarried name redden ) . deane 's maternal grandmother raised her.she was best known as an actress for playing `` bonnie jones '' in 20th century fox 's jones family series of movies . 
steele county is a county located in the u.s. state of north dakota . as of the 2010 census , 1,975 people lived there . the county was founded in 1883 and named for businessman edward h. steele . the county seat is finley . 
faridabad is a city in the indian state of haryana . it is the largest city in haryana in terms of population ( 1,404,653 people as per 2011 census ) . it is a part of the national capital region ( ncr ) and lies on the border of india 's capital city new delhi . faridabad was ranked as the eighth fastest growing city in the world by a city mayors foundation survey . in 2018 , the world health organization ranked faridabad as the second most polluted city in the world . 
jay montgomery garner ( born april 15 , 1938 ) is a retired united states army lieutenant general . he was appointed in 2003 as director of the office for reconstruction and humanitarian assistance for iraq following the 2003 invasion of iraq . he was replaced by paul bremer . 
osmoderma eremita , or eremit , is a dark-brown beetle with a glossy surface and has a length of 20 to 40 mm in adult stage . it smells like leather or apricot . the beetle is common in europe , except for the united kingdom , iceland , ireland , malta , portugal , and san marino . the eremit lives near old trees in parks , avenues and roadsides . due to loss of old trees , the beetle has decreased all over its distribution range . 
samii 's riffle minnow ( scientific name : `` alburnoides samiii '' ) is a type of freshwater fish that lives in iran . 
siris ( `` sìris '' ) is a town and `` comune '' ( municipality ) in the province of oristano in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 230 people lived there . its area is 6 km² . it is 161 meters above sea level . 
kongur tagh is a mountain in the pamir range , in china . it is also known as kongkoerh . it is the 37th highest mountain in the world . the first people to reach the top were peter boardman , chris bonington , alan rouse , and loe tasker , in 1981 . 
lee edwards ( born 1932 ) is an american conservative political writer and historian . he was born in chicago . he thought at the b. kenneth simon center for american studies at the heritage foundation . he was a historian of the conservative movement in america and of the presidency of ronald reagan.edwards is the author or editor of 25 books , and wrote about biographies of president ronald reagan , senator barry goldwater , attorney general edwin meese iii and william f. buckley , jr.. he is currently the chairman of the victims of communism memorial foundation . 
golden age of radio is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter josh ritter . it was ritter 's first album to be released nationally after he was signed to signature sounds . his official website says `` golden age of radio '' was first released by himself in 2001 , and it was given out at shows . this version contained a different , solo version of the title song called `` country song . '' it also had different mastering , and a song track order . 
big league chew is a brand of bubble gum . it is shredded and packaged in an aluminum foil pouch . it was created by portland mavericks left-handed pitcher rob nelson and bat boy todd field . it was then pitched to the wrigley company by jim bouton as a fun imitation of the tobacco-chewing.over 800 million pouches of big league chew have been sold since 1980 . big league chew was introduced in may 1980 , it comes in flashy colors such as neon green ( for their sour apple flavor ) and bright purple ( grape flavor ) . 
on 14 october 2017 , a suicide truck bomb killed 587 people in mogadishu - somalia 's worst terrorist attack.a car bombing on the same day killed two people . a minivan exploded without casualties . 
celtic punk is punk rock mixed with traditional celtic music.celtic punk bands often play covers of traditional irish , welsh or scottish folk and political songs . they will often make original songs too . common themes in celtic punk music include politics , celtic culture and identity , heritage , religion , drinking and working class pride.the genre became popular in the 1980s by the pogues . the pogues are a band of london irish punk musicians in london . they celebrated their irish heritage.the term `` celtic punk '' is usually used to describe bands who base their music in irish or scottish traditional music . it is considered part of the more general folk punk genre . however , folk punk is usually used for bands that use english , american and other forms of folk music as inspiration.the usual celtic punk band includes a rock instrument as well as traditional instruments such as bagpipes , fiddle , tin whistle , accordion , mandolin , and banjo . like celtic rock , celtic punk is a form of celtic fusion . 
tallulah brockman bankhead ( january 31 , 1902 – december 12 , 1968 ) was an american actress.always known as just `` tallula '' , she was one of the most famous actresses of her time . she was born into a wealthy and influential alabama family . her father was a leading 'southern democrat ' , and in the 1930s became speaker of the u.s. house of representatives . she was a childhood friend of zelda fitzgerald , the wife of novelist f. scott fitzgerald.tallula was an actress from the beginning to the end of her life . she acted in nearly 300 film , stage , television , and radio roles . her personal life was wild . she struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction . she was infamous for her sex life , which included both men and women.tallulah was inducted into the american theater hall of fame in 1972 , and the alabama women 's hall of fame in 1981.in her 1932 movie `` devil and the deep '' there were three major co-stars , with tallulah getting top billing over gary cooper , charles laughton , and cary grant . david o. selznick , producer of `` gone with the wind '' ( 1939 ) called her the `` first choice among established stars '' to play scarlett o'hara . according to a memo from selznick , november 11 , 1936 : bankhead is first choice among established stars – and many votes coming in for her . although her screen test for the role in black-and-white was superb , she photographed poorly in technicolor . selznick also thought that at age 36 , she was too old to play scarlett , who is 16 at the beginning of the film . the role eventually went to vivien leigh.also notable was her performance in the alfred hitchcock film `` lifeboat '' ( 1943–1944 ) . it was her best on film and won her the new york film critics circle award.onstage , tallula appeared in a revival of noël coward 's `` private lives '' , taking it on tour and then to broadway for the better part of two years . the play 's run made her a fortune . on her death , she was worth $ 2 million , a vast sum in those days . 
josip elic ( march 10 , 1921 – october 21 , 2019 ) was an american actor . he was born in butte , montana . he was best known for his role as bancini in `` one flew over the cuckoo 's nest '' .elic died at a nursing home in river edge , new jersey on october 21 , 2019 from problems caused by a fall , aged 98 . 
bruce king ( april 6 , 1924 – november 13 , 2009 ) was an american businessman and politician . he was a three non-consecutive four-year terms as the governor of new mexico . king was a member of the democratic party . he was the longest-serving governor in new mexico history , with 12 years of service.he died on november 13 , 2009 in stanley , new mexico of heart failure at the age of 85 . 
paws , inc. , also known as paws incorporated , is an american comic studio and production company owned by the children 's cable television network nickelodeon , a subsidiary fully owned by viacomcbs . american cartoonist jim davis started it to support the `` garfield '' series , comic strips and its licensing . it is located in muncie , indiana . 50 artists and licensing administrators work for paws , inc.. the current company building changed positions from jim davis 's farm to albany , which was nearby , in 1989.in 1994 , the company purchased all rights to the garfield comic strips from 1978 to 1993 from united feature syndicate , except for the original black-and-white daily comic strips and original color sunday comic strips . paws owns the copyrights to the full-color daily comic strips and recolored sunday comic strips because they are called a different product . the comic strip is currently distributed by universal uclick , while paws , inc. owns the rights to the comic strip.in august 2019 , viacom purchased paws , inc. , including merchandising around the world and existing licensees , and put it under nickelodeon . the deal did not include rights to the previous live action and cgi garfield movies , which walt disney studios owns under 20th century fox . jim davis will continue to draw the comic strip for newspapers and universal uclick . 
anthony is a town in the u.s. state of texas . 
alison rosamund king ( born 3 march 1973 ) is an english actress and model.she had television roles as lynda block in the sky1 drama series dream team , and in coronation street as mrs fanshaw and as carla connor . she won best actress at the 2012 british soap awards . 
ukiah is a really small town of umatilla county in the state of oregon in the united states . as of 2010 , 186 people lived in the town . it was named by someone who moved from ukiah , california . 
merion station ( also known as merion ) is an unincorporated community in pennsylvania , united states , bordering philadelphia to the city 's west . it is one of the communities that make up the philadelphia main line , and is part of the city of lower merion township , montgomery county.merion station is known for its grand mansions and for the wealth of its residents . 
hof or hof may refer to : 
lumpkin is an unincorporated community in butte county , california . 
professor charles xavier , also known as professor x is a fictional character and superhero from marvel comics created by stan lee and jack kirby for the x-men . professor x has telepathy and is the founder and leader of x-men . he has always been drawn in a wheelchair . when the comics started being used as a social commentary about civil rights , professor x was based on martin luther king jr. and the supervillain magneto was based on malcolm x . in the x-men movies professor x has been played by patrick stewart and james mcavoy . 
absheron economic region is in the eastern part of the republic of azerbaijan . it includes baku and sumgait cities , the administrative regions of absheron and khizi districts.due to the huge oil-gas reserve of the region , absheron economic region is mainly specialized in oil-gas production and relevant areas such as petrochemistry and chemistry . 
tibesti region is a region in chad . its capital is bardaï.it was created in 2008 when the former borkou-ennedi-tibesti region was split into three . the tibesti department became the tibesti region . the region is named for the tibesti mountains , one of the most prominent mountain chains in the sahara desert.the area fell under french rule during the scramble for africa in the late 19th century . prior to 1931 much of the region belonged to what is now niger , as part of the french west africa colony . 
a respiratory droplet is a droplet of liquid , which is expelled during respiration . they are also produced when sneezing , coughing , or vomiting . they can also be produced artificially . certain diseases can be transmitted with respiratory droplets . 
dierfeld is a municipality of the bernkastel-wittlich district , in rhineland-palatinate , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 12 people lived there . 
the bad sleep well is a 1960 japanese crime drama movie directed by akira kurosawa and stars toshiro mifune , masayuki mori , tatsuya mihashi , kyōto kagawa , kō nishimura . it was distributed by toho . 
elbow bumping is a type of greeting where two people lightly touch their elbows together . it is believed that it is less likely to spread germs between two people than a handshake is . 
nooksack ( ) is a city in whatcom county , washington , close to the border with canada . the population was 1,338 at the 2010 census . 
weighed but found wanting ( filipino : tinimbang ka ngunit kulang ; also known as human imperfections ) is a 1974 filipino drama movie directed by lino brocka and starring anita linda , christopher de leon , mario o'hara , lolita rodriguez , eddie garcia , hilda koronel , lilia dizon . 
the hereditary peers form part of the peerage in the united kingdom . as of 2020 there are 814 hereditary peers : 31 dukes ( including 7 royal dukes ) , 34 marquesses , 193 earls , 112 viscounts , and 444 barons.from 1963 to 1999 , all non-irish peers were entitled to sit in the house of lords , but since the house of lords act 1999 was passed , only 92 are permitted to do so , unless they are also life peers.peers are called to the house of lords with a writ of summons . 
gerard milton earnhart ( april 1 , 1918 – june 6 , 2020 ) was an american politician and broadcast journalist . he was a democratic member of the arkansas house of representatives and arkansas senate from the years of 1959 to 1980 . he was born in pine lawn , missouri.earnhart died on june 6 , 2020 in fort smith , arkansas at the age of 102 . 
the navajo language ( navajo : `` diné bizaad '' ) is a southern athabaskan language that is spoken in the united states , specifically in the navajo nation ( located in the states of arizona , new mexico , and utah ) . it is the most widely spoken native american language in the us and the most spoken indigenous language in the americas north of the us-mexico border . in 2011 , almost 170,000 americans spoke navajo at home . navajo is famous for being used by the navajo code talkers during world war ii.compared to many other languages , the navajo language has a lot of sounds , including many that are not found in the english language . navajo is also a tonal language , like chinese , which means that pitch is used to make words different from each other . english is not a tonal language . for these reasons and many more , many english speakers find it difficult to learn navajo.in navajo , new words are made by adding prefixes and suffixes to a part of a word called the stem . these prefixes and suffixes add meaning , such as tense , who is doing the action , and so on . in navajo , sentences are arranged as subject-object-verb although they can be arranged in other ways too.navajo does not have a lot of loanwords from other languages.the navajo language is written with the latin alphabet , just like english . the current alphabet was developed in the 1930s . before this , the navajo did not have their own alphabet . 
matthew james moy ( born february 3 , 1984 ) is an american actor and artist . he is known for his role as han lee on the cbs sitcom `` 2 broke girls '' . he was born in san francisco , california . 
in astronomy , axial tilt is the angle between a planet 's rotational axis at its north pole and a line perpendicular to the orbital plane of the planet . it is also called axial inclination or obliquity . the axial tilt of earth is the cause of seasons like summer and winter on earth .  
optical depth is a measure of transparency . it is defined as the fraction of radiation ( or light ) that is scattered or absorbed on a path . one way of visualizing optical depth is to think of a fog . the fog between a person and an object that is immediately in front of them has an optical depth of zero . as the object moves away , the optical depth increases until it reaches a large value and the object is no longer visible . 
ratliff city is a city in oklahoma in the united states . 
samuel barclay beckett ( ; 13 april 1906 – 22 december 1989 ) was born in dublin , ireland . he was a writer of books , plays , and poetry . he also translated other famous works of literature . he was given the nobel prize for literature in 1969.his most best-known play is `` waiting for godot '' . it has often been acted on stage and has been on tv.beckett was stabbed in paris in 1938 . he died of emphysema in the city in 1989.many writers of plays ( playwrights ) and others think he is one of the most important writers of the 20th century . there have been many books written about him .his books are often about people going through hard times, and seeing life as both sad, dark but also funny.
mechanics is a branch of physics which looks at objects that are moved by forces ( including other bodies , or forces of nature ) .the discipline has its roots in ancient greece where aristotle studied the way bodies behaved when they were thrown through the air ( eg a stone ) . however it was galileo , kepler and especially newton who laid the foundations for much of the so-called `` newtonian mechanics '' we know today.a person working in the discipline is known as a mechanician .
huascarán is the highest mountain in peru , and the fourth-highest mountain in south america . the top of it is 22,205 feet ( 6,768 meters ) high.the mountain is located in the ancash region of peru . huascarán has turned into a tourist attraction for mountain climbers.huascarán is all that is left of an extinct volcano . it has been getting smaller and smaller . as recently as 1970 , the ancash earthquake caused a big part of the mountain to crumble and fall off . that part of the mountain was all rock and ice , and it killed almost 17,000 people in small towns around the mountain . 
backpropagation is a method of training neural networks to perform tasks more accurately . the algorithm was first used for this purpose in 1974 in papers published by werbos , rumelhart , hinton , and williams . the term backpropagation is short for `` backward propagation of errors '' .it works especially well for feed forward neural networks ( networks without any loops ) and problems that require supervised learning .
preamplifier is a type of electronic amplifier . it does n't have enough power to feed speakers . rather a preamplifier amplifies weak signals , for example from a microphone , for electronic processing or distribution.early preamplifiers used vacuum tubes . since the 1960s , most electronic amplifiers have been built with transistors . transistors are lighter , less expensive , and more reliable . 
feng shui ( ) is a chinese system of luck . it has to do with the laws which help one improve luck.feng shui means `` wind and water '' in chinese . invented by the taoists , many people implement its philosophies in their every day lives . feng shui has five basic `` elements '' , they are : fire , earth , metal , water , and wood . these elements are set up in a specific way so that it shows fire makes earth , earth creates metal , metal holds water , water nurtures wood , and wood feeds fire . also , earth dams water , water extinguishes fire , fire melts metal , metal cuts wood , and wood consumes earth.there are multiple feng shui schools such as `` the western school of feng shui '' and `` the american feng shui institute ''.
war is a situation or a period of fighting between countries or groups of people . a war generally involves the use of weapons , a military organization and soldiers . war is a situation in which a nation enforces its rights by using force . not every armed conflict is a war . a fight between individuals , between gangs , drug cartels , etc is not considered a war . however , most wars are called armed conflicts . international humanitarian law is a set of rules that tries to limit the effects of wars . international humanitarian law recognizes two kinds of wars . these are : karl von clausewitz wrote in his classic book , `` on war '' , that `` war is a mere continuation of policy with other means.” clausewitz viewed war as a political instrument . his book about military philosophy remains the most influential work on the history and strategy of war . an earlier authority on war was sun tzu . in his book `` the art of war '' , sun tzu saw war as a necessary evil . it was something people do.wars have been fought to control natural resources , for religious or cultural reasons and over political balances of power . they have been fought over legitimacy ( correctness ) of particular laws . they have been fought to settle arguments about land or money , and many other issues . the reasons behind any war are often very complex . while a war can start for just about any reason , there is usually more than one cause . war is also a terrible coincidence to be through .
the western bloc during the cold war means the powers allied with the united states and nato against the soviet union and the warsaw pact.soviet union and the warsaw pact were called the `` eastern bloc '' . this term was rather common , while the governments and press of the western bloc used to speak of themselves as the `` free world '' . 
nicaragua is a country in central america . it is officially called the republic of nicaragua ( ) . it has a size of 129,494 square kilometres . it is the largest country in central america . it borders honduras to the north and costa rica to the south . the capital of the country is managua . managua is the third-largest city in central america . it is also the biggest city of nicaragua . almost a quarter of the population lives in the capital city.the population of nicaragua is approximately 6 million . the population is multicultural . the population includes indigenous native tribes from the miskito coast , europeans , africans , and asians . the main language is spanish . some native tribes on the eastern coast speak their native languages . some of these languages are miskito , sumo , and rama . some people speak english creole . the mixture of cultures has created diversity in art and literature . some famous nicaraguan writers are rubén darío , ernesto cardenal , and gioconda belli.the biological diversity , warm tropical climate , and active volcanoes make nicaragua an increasingly popular tourist destination .
ronaldo de assis moreira , more commonly known as ronaldinho ( born 21 march 1980 in porto alegre , brazil ) is a retired brazilian footballer . he last played for brasileiro série a club fluminense and also for the brazil national team . he is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time . he was known for his dribbling , passing , flair , skills , and during his time playing for barcelona . he is fc barcelona 's current club ambassador , for which he signed for in september 2016 .
in common speaking and geometry , a cone is a solid object that one gets when one rotates a right triangle around one of its two short sides , the cone 's axis . the disk made by the other short side is called the base , and the point of the axis which is not on the base is the cone 's `` apex '' or `` vertex '' . an object that is shaped like a cone is `` conical '' .in more technical terms , a cone is formed by a set of line segments , half-lines , or lines connecting a common point , the apex , to all of the points on a base that is in a plane that does not contain the apex . depending on the author , the base may be restricted to be a circle , any one-dimensional quadratic form in the plane , any closed one-dimensional figure , or any of the above plus all the enclosed points . if the enclosed points are included in the base , the cone is a solid object ; otherwise it is a two-dimensional object in three-dimensional space . in the case of a solid object , the boundary formed by these lines or partial lines is called the lateral surface ; if the lateral surface is unbounded , it is a conical surface.in the case of line segments , the cone does not extend beyond the base , while in the case of half-lines , it extends infinitely far . in the case of lines , the cone extends infinitely far in both directions from the apex , in which case it is sometimes called a double cone . either half of a double cone on one side of the apex is called a nappe.volume formula_1 of a cone is one third of the product of the area of the base formula_2 and the height formula_3.
graphic design is a practical art which helps in communication . visual information is formed in a way that produces a message . this can be done by placing words and pictures in ways that will get the attention of others . people who do graphic design as work are called `` graphic designers '' . in printed media , graphic design includes typography , organising illustration , book design , page layout , specifying print.graphic design can be done in different media . these include paper , video , labels , and web sites.graphic designers use many skills , rules and techniques to provide the right information . they must combine artistic expression and media relations . skills include the ability to look at the whole picture , color theory , design principles , understanding of art , etc . 
a thesis ( plural : 'theses ' ) is a document written in support of an idea that is presented for discussion or disputation . in modern usage it usually refers to a document presented as a requirement for an academic degree or professional qualification . it presents the author 's research and findings . in the academic context it means the same as dissertation . the term dissertation can be used to describe an argument without relation to academic degrees . the term thesis may also be used for the central claim of an essay or other work . 
a nature reserve ( preserve or ( national/nature ) conserve ) is a protected area . it protects wildlife , flora ( plants ) and fauna ( animals ) . reserves may also protect geological features or other special interests . a nature reserve is land that is kept for conservation and to provide special opportunities for study or research.nature reserves can be created by government institutions . they can also be created by private landowners , such as charities and research institutions , regardless of nationality . the international union for the conservation of nature ( iucn ) is an organization that helps countries and others with conservation programs and management .
the internal conflict in myanmar refers to fighting between government soldiers and rebels in myanmar , which began shortly after the country , formerly known as burma , separated from the united kingdom in 1948 . the government of myanmar has fought different rebel groups from different ethnic minorities . the cause of the conflict is the government 's refusal to give minority groups such as the communists and the karen people the amount of political representation that they want . since the beginning of the fighting , hundreds of thousands of civilians in myanmar have been killed and millions have become refugees .